Welcome to Whitedoves Blog
Hi there and welcome to Whitedoves Blog.
With the launch of my website at www.whitedovesnest.com, I found that there is also an interest in a blog exploring sexual abuse and recovery.
I set up Whitedoves Nest and was flabbergasted at the response and number of hits. I am a web designer/IT guru by trade and wanted to set up a professional looking site, which allowed quick updates and additions to the site.
To date I have received many poems, stories, emails, art works and other tid bits that I have put on the site with discretion. I am amazed at some of the talent and strength of both men and women out there and the response that I have received. My thoughts are also with those out there supporting people recovering from childhood sexual abuse, my strength and hopefully understanding will pass on to you.
For me, creating the website has been a tremendous exercise in overcoming fear, and adversity, giving information to others and letting others out there know that they are certainly not alone. There are many survivor sites availabe to explore, and I wanted to add my own.
Today I reported my father for sexual abuse that spanned 6 years or more. I feel a sense of victory in doing this. I know that the journey for me has been long and hard, counselling, groups, trauma, to be able to get to the point where I feel I can cope with reporting and can explore where I can go to first of all seek protection for other children and to gain a sense of justice for the childhood I endured.
I am not sure of the legal process at the moment and have spoken to police and also the Department for Childrens Services about protection for children and the avenues I can take. It has been a long time in coming and I am sure that I am to learn a lot about our legal process, both good and bad.
I hope to keep this blog updated as much as I can. I wish you the best in your journey and hope that this blog can give you a sense of understanding of the issues surrounding sexual abuse and the amazing people that can overcome this tradegy in their lives.
For more information please see my main site at www.whitedovesnest.com
Keep smilin'
Whitedove
Dec 2005