The “I Don’t want to workout” training Run

It is no secret I have been a total slacker since the Disney Princess 1/2 Marathon the end of February, heck I owe a trip and race report – I will do one I promise AND I have only run like 2 times.

I signed up for the Atlanta Peachtree Road Race 10k lottery – HUGE race 60,
000 runners July 4th, fun time and to be honest I was hoping to not get in.
I mean its hot, has some serious hills, the logistics of dealing with the start and end, blah blah blah.
I am toying with doing a 1/2 Marathon in August here in Atlanta – yes that is nuts heat wise, but its flat……SO when I got in the lottery last week I decided I needed to start my 3 runs a week training again.
The Peachtree works in great with that 1/2 marathon as far as preparing distance wise and calendar wise.

This is week 1 of getting back to it -today was run 2 of 3 for the week.
We went to Disney on Ice Treasury drove last night and had a blast, but it was a late night so me and the 5 year old princess slept in – and she skipped preschool. 
This means I had to go gym since I just can’t leave her alone while I run. 
I put on my Disney Princess tech shirt to try to cheer me up as I was not into doing this today and headed to the gym.

The goal: 30 minutes “speed work”. 
I set the treadmill at random workout level 3.

I started with a 3 minute walk warmup and then did my 1 minute run/ 1 minute walk intervals.
I paced the run started in at 6mph and the walks at 4mph.
 With each walk I added 0.1mph goal to get up to 7 and then go down.
The idea is with each run interval I get faster.

Here’s the thing, I was NOT into today.
Ate crap yesterday, didn’t have enough water so over drank before my workout today “slosh, slosh, slosh”. 
I felt my big belly bouncing around – lets face it I have been eating UK lately and I was just tired. 
ET I PUSHED ON. 
I got up to 6.6mph runs and was like LEAS BE OVER…..so the next run interval one I said to heck with it and went up to 6.8 for 30 seconds then 7. 
I was SO tired some of my walk intervals were longer than a minute as my breathing was fast.
The last run interval….I heard Bob and Jillian from biggest Lower saying in my head “Last Chance workout……” – the nice Bob from previous seasons…..and said to heck with this, the first 30 sec I did 7mph, the last I did 8mph – iowa that was fast. 
I think I looked like a spaz those 30 seconds, but got it done!

Felt great to be done as I would rate this workout a total BLA – I was SO not into it.

While I much prefer to be outside, I do love how I can push myself for short bursts on the treadmill.
Now, to work on my diet – I need to start feeding my body some good stuff….oh and get sleep too.

Hey, but I am so happy to be on track with my scheduled workouts this week.
One more then I kick it up a notch!
The gym has got some awesome looking Core glasses starting soon, def will give them a try.

Happy running, talking or Some bombo thereof !