Hello
I recently enlisted back into the army in January 2019 and deployed shortly after. Prior to this I worked as a LEO and Corrections officer after the end of my first enlistment. I’ve had a lot of shit happen throughout my short life, stuff I thought really didn’t bother me till now. Prior to coming back into the army I volunteered overtime within my department 7 days a week for over two years straight, I don’t feel like myself when I’m not at work. I really didn’t notice many signs other than anger and depression up until this deployment. My wife would point out that I have separated and disassociated myself from everyone and she consistently told me that I’m not the same person she met. I’ve had issues in the past with violent outbursts and suicidal tendencies, but other than that feel completely emotionless and sociopathic. I don’t care about anyone or anything around me including my family, I just try to be involved cause I know that’s the commitment I had previously made. Now, I am currently deployed and while my surroundings make no difference I am finally realizing how the people around me are affected. Out here I have become completely isolated from everyone, skip most meals cause I don’t want to be in a crowded area, quit taking care of myself completely, and have been aggressive towards others. I’m tired of my constant negativity. I’m tired of constantly being paranoid like somebody is out to get me. I’m at this point where I can hardly contain myself and I fear that I’m going to lose control. I’m fed up with holding in my outbursts and frustration. I’m taking max doses of SSRIs and medication for the nightmares but does not seem to even take the edge off. I’m lost and don’t know what to do anymore. I have went out of my comfort zone and reached out for help through the small amount of resources I do have out here to get nothing but some bullshit medications and pointless breathing exercises. I feel like I’m at this completely fragile state constantly and my guilt is overwhelming. Do y’all know of anything I can take or do to hold me over to my redeployment date?