Long, but a little of my story.
I will start this simple, basically like a diary entry. You reading this don’t know who I am, and I want to keep it this way, however, I will introduce myself. I am a 23 year old Sergeant in the Marine Corps. I joined in 2014, went to boot camp in San Diego, and got stationed in Camp Pendleton. Currently I am still active duty, so animosity is extremely important to me for reasons that I will discuss later. This year (2018) I was diagnosed with post traumatic stress disorder, PTSD. The letters rolling out of my mouth still feel weird to say. I knew for a while, and the shock and awe of the doctor sitting away from me and saying this wasn’t because I was surprised; it was because it was real now, I am now “that guy”.
So, my story... I deployed with a small detachment of Marines in 2016 to the Middle East, I worked on a lot of stuff that, as most reading this should understand, i can’t really put on a public page. But, with that being said, what I can say is that I’m a POG, with an MOS that’s not really entirely “POG” like, however my job involved a desk, and a computer, a set of headphones, and a lot (and I mean a lot) of paper, briefs, and video. The video is the key here, because for a very long time, I thought what was wrong with me was something else, I was half right, but I didn’t even see what else was happening inside my own head.
Summer of 2016, Iraq (that’s about as vague as I’ll get with location), I’m sitting there after kicking a brief that didn’t really seem too “off the wall” at first, standard stuff. Well, the mission didn’t end up so standard, and a handful of people didn’t get to come back. This is one of the biggest issues I have, because this “it’s still classified” line keeps coming up, and I can’t really just throw it out there and talk. But long story short, it was my fault, and not a person on this earth can convince me otherwise.
But, I’m writing to talk about another issue I had, and to an extent, still do. The day that I broke down, almost a year after I got back, and completely lost everything because I couldn’t hold it in, the words to my best friend that followed we something like “please don’t tell anyone”. I was terrified of myself, I hated myself, but I was more terrified of my command finding out.
I had this stigma that, if my command found out, I’d be looked at differently, I would be pulled from my billet, and I wouldn’t be able to do what I love. (Let’s make this clear, I love what I do, the Marines are my life, I do this for them, so yes I am that “motivator”) I was worried that my command would take me, make me unfit for duty, and send me on my way. I had this because, as a leader, I would have done that, to the extent of removing the Marine from his billet so that he “can focus on himself”. I didn’t want anyone to know.
For along time, my best friend was who I leaned on, I wouldn’t talk to anyone else, and no one found out. Until I PCS’d. I went from one coast to the other and all of a sudden I was alone. I had no one, no help, no one to go see. I was scared of myself again. And I stayed like this for almost 6 months, until all hell broke loose in my life. I completely snapped, I wanted to die again, I didn’t care about me or anyone else, and yet, I still got up and went to work, with absolutely no motivation, the guilt just weighed on me. Until, I walked into the naval hospital, because I didn’t care if I lost my career, I just knew I needed help. My friend had been saying it for awhile, to go in, but I didn’t listen, I just wanted to be seen as “normal” and I was under the impression I was hiding it pretty well.