My life as a civilian living with Post Traumatic Stress Disorder (C.P.T.S.D), Multiple Traumas, TBI (Traumatic Brain Injury, Fibromyalgia (chronic whole body pain linked to P.T.S.D) and finally stage 3 cancer now 12 months in remission!
I hope my brutal honesty of the experiences I have had as a civilian since being diagnosed with C.P.T.S.D will be helpful. I hope I can help steer others who have felt like they have fallen through the cracks; like me in the right direction. First I will start by explaining the four types of P.T.S.D. I have actually been diagnosed as having Complex P.T.S.D which is basically multiple traumas in my life from childhood, teen and into my early 30’s this is referred to as C.P.T.S.D.
Symptoms of P.T.S.D
It is normal to have stress reactions after a traumatic event. Your emotions and behavior can change in ways that are upsetting to you. Even though most people have stress reactions following a trauma, they get better in time. But, you should seek help if symptoms:
Last longer than three months
Cause you great distress
Disrupt your work or home life
What are the symptoms of P.T.S.D?
Symptoms of P.T.S.D may disrupt your life and make it hard to continue with your daily activities. You may find it hard just to get through the day.
Four types of PTSD symptoms
Memories of the traumatic event can come back at any time. You may feel the same fear and horror you did when the event took place. For example, you may try to avoid situations or people that trigger memories of the traumatic event.
You may even avoid talking or thinking about the event. For example, the way you think about yourself and others changes because of the trauma.
This symptom has many aspects, including the following: you may be jittery, or always alert and on the lookout for danger. You might suddenly become angry or irritable. This is known as hyperarousal.
For example:
1. Reliving the event (also called re-experiencing symptoms)
You may have nightmares.
You may feel like you are going through the event again. This is called a flashback.
You may see, hear, or smell something that causes you to relive the event. This is called a trigger. News reports, seeing an accident, or hearing a car backfire are examples of triggers.
2. Avoiding situations that remind you of the event
You may avoid crowds, because they feel dangerous.
You may avoid driving if you were in a car accident or if your military convoy was bombed.
If you were in an earthquake, you may avoid watching movies about earthquakes.
You may keep very busy or avoid seeking help because it keeps you from having to think or talk about the event.
3. Negative changes in beliefs and feelings
You may not have positive or loving feelings toward other people and may stay away from relationships.
You may forget about parts of the traumatic event or not be able to talk about them.
You may think the world is completely dangerous, and no one can be trusted.
4. Feeling keyed up (also called hyperarousal)
You may have a hard time sleeping.
You may have trouble concentrating.
You may be startled by a loud noise or surprise.
You might want to have your back to a wall in a restaurant or waiting room.
What should I do if I have symptoms of P.T.S.D or C.P.T.S.D?
P.T.S.D symptoms usually start soon after the traumatic event. But for some people, they may not happen until months or years after the trauma. Symptoms may come and go over many years. So, you should keep track of your symptoms and talk to someone you trust about them.
If you have symptoms that last longer than four weeks, cause you great distress, or disrupt your work or home life, you probably have PTSD. You should seek professional help from a doctor or counselor.