I’m not sure.... about anything anymore
I will start by saying I’m ashamed and embarrassed to be here. I’m not even sure I belong here. I am ex army, ex legion and have been working as a contractor for a couple alphabets and also non US “immediate interests” since before 9/11.
I have spent almost my entire life in combat rolls. I have never been bothered by the things I’ve done or seen. I have always been able to disconnect. I don’t know if that makes sense. It’s just the way I’m built. I have been shot, stabbed, in a quite a few explosions and situations where I looked at my brothers and we said goodbye to each other.
In all those things I’ve never been IDK if scared is the right word but I’ve never worried about what was coming. I am currently employed by a top tier PMC we do some pretty squirrelly stuff sometimes.
I’m home right now, but I don’t feel at home, my wife says I’m “overly aggressive” not towards my family in any way at all. Things do quickly push my buttons though. I’ve never cared about politics but man all the sudden that is a super hot button.
I am afraid to talk to anyone and honestly who the hell would I talk to? I mean I went to the VA and the psychiatrist was a dumbass 20 something that has never served a day in uniform. What the fuck could she possibly know about or understand when it comes to a soldier’s world?
I went last week to a gathering of Vets it felt like a damn AA meeting. I didn’t relate to anyone there. In my military service both in the US and other places men don’t whine and we don’t look for sympathy. I feel lost. This is my third night straight with no sleep and my wife says when I do sleep I scream out or speak other languages. Idk I don’t remember having bad dreams.
I don’t drink or use drugs I’ve never been a drinker and honestly never been high outside pain meds in the hospital.
I’ve never really been afraid of anything, like everyone including myself gets an adrenaline dump when you’re about to throw down in a regular fist fight but I mean like being shot at or what have you I’ve just always kind of idk just accepted the situation and worked my way through it.
I find I can’t sleep more and more often, I absolutely refuse to leave the house without a firearm and find myself even carrying while at home ( NO IT’S NOT PARANOIA) I just feel naked without one. I don’t feel anyone in particular is out to get me or hurt my family.
Back to triggers; I find I absolutely can’t stand crowds I am constantly scanning for threats, I am hyper vigilant ALL the time when out.
So for the first time ever in my life I had a very real visual “hallucination” idk what else to call it. I saw a bad guy with an AK slinking through the woods next to my house. I didn’t tell anyone but I began sweating profusely and my heart rate was around 140 while I was at rest on my porch.
I went to my PCM and made up some shit and got a scan I have no tumors or anything so I guess it would qualify as a flashback??? It’s only happened once that was about two years ago.
The sleeplessness is becoming a real issue. I am on benzodiazepines and lunesta but they don’t work. I taper off and stop using them when I know a contract is coming up so I never take them down range. Like I said they don’t work anyway. I find when alone I sometimes cry for no reason or at least not a definable reason. When I’m at work none of these things are like this. I focused, motivated, mission oriented and prepared. I sometimes think I don’t belong here. I belong in those torn up areas of the world no one cares about life makes more sense to me sometimes in those places. I don’t do it for the money, I do it because I guess it’s what I’m really good at. Don’t get me wrong I love being a dad and a husband. I just don’t understand the “world” we live in here in the US.
I have never been overly emotional, I’ve never been one to be angry easily or often. Though here at home I find I feel angry often. Never at my loved ones or in traffic or anything like that but extremely angry at the way American Values and freedoms are being attacked by people who wouldn’t have the right to even express their opinions in the places I’ve lived and worked much less spit on those freedoms. This is NOT a manifesto I am NOT going to lose my shit and take out a liberal ANTIFA group. So please don’t read anything into what I’m saying. I just have to talk to someone anyone that might understand what I’m going through. Hell idk how I expect anyone to understand what I’m going through because for fuck sake I don’t. I pray all the time to find peace while laying here with my wife. Sometimes it comes sometimes it doesn’t.
I don’t even know if this is PTSD or just being tired. When I’m gone I miss my family when I’m home I’m ashamed to admit I miss the job just as much. How is it I can be just as comfortable if not more so in some simple shit hole in Afrique than I am laying on my 3000.00 mattress looking at my 72” tv with my beautiful wife and my good dog?
I find I am losing my drive to stay in top shape my diet is for shit and I could care less if I bathe or shave. Right up until I hear contract and then I’m in an zone work out get all my check ups go to dental.
I’m fuckn rambling I doubt anyone will understand all of this so I’ll post it wait to be down voted into oblivion and trolled but at least I put it out there.