Never Believed I Could So Blindly Be The Cause Of The Deviation & Destroyer Of The Relationship With Love Of My Life. Who's literally Terrified Of The Man I Found Myself To Be.
I Have PTSD And TBI from multiple explosive encounters. The Struggle to understand, control, even prepare for the symptoms and there overwhelming control of my thoughts, feelings, Safety Triggers (causing a overwhelming violence surge with damage to home, walls, windows, furniture, appliances and even intensive intimidation towards spouse as well as loved ones ) These issues have caused so much trouble in my life that even My Best Friend, The Love Of My Life, The One Person That Always Understood Me! Felt there was no possible way to ”grow” or "fix" So there was no reason for her not to leave me, and give up on "Us ever being happy together". She truely feels that I'm resentful, disrespectful, over-reactive, verbally and physically intimidating & Dangerous. She left me with no options, no opinion on the decision, just a reaction you'd expect from a person terrified of another who they can't even justify to themselves any "Pros" continuing any reason to allow one more moment of the Risks, Treatment, Toxic Environment Living and Loving me with My PTSD & TBi issues and outbreaks create. I realize it will likely never be something she will overcome or overlook to even allow me a chance for redemption with The Love of My Life! My Best and Only True Friend, Which sadly even with everything inside me dieing knowing how I've acted during these outbursts I cannot even Bring Myself To Attempt to stop her from leaving me. I hate myself for my obvious lack of self control and the fact that I can't Blame her at all for being Done. I guess I'm just looking for help so that I can get a better understanding of all this and hopefully find a way to stop alienating myself and being so horrible to everyone in my life to cause most Friends, Family, and worst of all My Love Of My Life to not only distance themselves from me but to completely cut me out of there lives due to the stress and struggles just being acquainted to Me causes on them and there family's.