The worst part about PTSD is that feeling that no one cares.
2 visits to Iraq, 2 To Afghan. Dealt with everything the best any of us could. When shit started getting real, I made every excuse to my wife on why now wasn’t a good time to seek help. I own that. But finally, we were at a duty station where I wasn’t as busy, not deploying, at least anytime soon, and I just really wanted a good nights sleep and to have one day where I didn’t implode on the inside. So I started seeing an awesome LCSW. She was very understanding and started me on a good path. She referred me to a civilian doc to get started on meds. Took awhile to get that cocktail right but we did it. Then they decided to deploy me again. This time with JSOC. Not only did I not say no, I was excited about it bc I’m a fucking meat eater like everyone else here. Did that, came back and my LCSW was reassigned to addiction therapy. Ok. PCS time. Started back up at a new place. Took forever to get an appointment. Guy I met with was a retired O5 medical officer who was use to seeing young E3s that just wanted out of the command or deployment. He sucked to put it mildly. Ok no prob. Got a different doc, and she was amazing. She actually only saw guys with combat related PTSD. Six months. Enough time to get the ball rolling. Then she left. She apologized but said she couldn’t deal with DoD medicine anymore. Too many restrictions that didn’t benefit the patients. She recommended me to someone else. Super awesome. 6 months with her. Then she left. Her husband got a job somewhere else and she had to leave. Saw someone else after that. Just for my meds to be refilled. Had to practically fight for them. Finally told my brothers and my best friend about my PTSD. Hasn’t been the same between us since. My wife has since stop being so supportive. We get in arguments and I break shit so i won’t hit her. Now she says I’m not trying. Talked the chaplain and he seemed like he cared. Had an hour long talk when we met. Then he went TAD but said he’d hit me when he got back. Has rescheduled twice on me. I haven’t tried to reach back out to him and I’m pretty sure he forgot about me. No one cares. It’s all good and fine to say you do until push comes to shove. Everyone wants to be a “battle buddy” until it’s time to do battle buddy shit. No one cares though. I use to keep a noose in my trunk (COA 1) and once even went shopping for a big painters tarp so no one would have to clean my mess off the walls (COA 2). No one cares though. Be easy brothers, swallowing a diazepam and hitting the rack. Until next time, be easy bro’s.