Alone and need to vent
I don’t know what to say but I need to vent bc I’m not in a good place and I guess venting to strangers is good too. I feel like I’m on the verge of loosing everything and even my life. I have had so many bad thoughts over the last month this scary and I can’t keep my shit together when my alone. I’m at the lowest part of my my life and I can’t take it. My therapist says I need to talk about the one thing with my ptsd that was most critical during my deployments. Well idk I deployed 3 fucking times and they were all Shitty. I have tried to stuff it deep down but i guess it’s coming undone and I’m on administrative leave from work, my fiancé is out of my life and she had the audacity to say she’s not here to be my support system during this time of need. That really hurts. I’m also in grad school and have no motivation to do simple assignments. Everyone has reached out to me but all I can say is I’m fine. I’m not looking for sympathy but I just need to get it out bc I’m not doing well. I leave for a ptsd retreat on the 1st but I hope I can make it until then. When I think about death its calming and I know my pain will stop but my dreams and aspirations will also die. I’m fucked up, I can’t take it, and I wasted my life. This is not me I need to get better but it sucks and i hate being alone in my head. I’m sorry for ranting but I needed to get it out in some way or form. I’m ok and thanks for listening. I am doing everything I can i have been exercising, doing Jiu jitsu, hanging with friends, seeing 2 counselors, 1 psychologists, chiropractor,and a weekly mindfulness group. Maybe it’s too much help maybe it’s not the right kind of help but I’m trying. I just want to be happy again and go back to work and one day I would like to have a family. It just sucks to be a failure with every relationship they last 2 years 2.5 at most and this one can be added to that too. It really hurts to be left at such a low point. It’s sucks bc you join to fight for your country at 18 not realizing the impact that combat will have on you but then when your 36 your life is in pieces. It sucks and I just need to go for a run or something. Again I’m sorry for sounding like a bitch. 
 UPDATE: 3/11/20
I just wanted to give an update.... thank you for all the the amazing and kind responses. You have all touched my heart in so many ways. Thank you all!!! A lot has happened since that post and I have to say that I’m so happy for the future. I ended up breaking up with my ex fiancé and things got really crazy for a bit. But I eventually went to the PTSD retreat called Mighty Oaks Warrior Foundation and it changed my life for the best. This was a faith based retreat and at first I was not ready to face God as I have distanced myself from him for a very long time. I grew up in a Christian household so this wasn’t a new experience for me. This retreat was amazing it rekindled my relationship with Christ and they taught several classes about being a man of Christ and how to live a fruitful life. The instructors of the course were all combat vet and mostly were Marines too which made me feel at ease. This retrete was amazing and I was able to make some strong connections with some vets who are walking my same path. Looking back at that post is a stark reminder of how close I came to being a statistic. I’m so glad my ex and I parted ways and she was a big part of my anxiety. I always felt like I was walking on eggshells and just waiting to be reminded of how I’m doing something wrong. It was like I was engaged to a mother figure versus a future wife. Thank you for letting me vent and giving me glimpses of hope when I felt hopeless. Thank you and god bless.