I am OFFICIALLY horrible at writing blog entries!
So I have to update this blog HARDCORE- which I will do...I hope. I have to tell about both of my Sydney trips and my field trip to Orpheus Island....and update on the skull project and school here. I've been swamped with a lot of work recently so I guess thats why I've not kept this up...and obviously having a lot of fun!
Today Jay and Mom came in and right now I'm waiting for them to come pick me up to go to dinner! :-P SO happy! I can't wait to see them and we have some fun things planned! I'll take lots of pictures. Unfortunately, I have a lot of work due while they are here but there isn't anything I can't handle! It just means I won't get as much sleep as I'd like but I'm still young so my body can handle it!
I miss you all and exactly 6 weeks left until I return home to MA! I'll be home for a few days before I go to work in New Jersey all summer at the NOAA James J. Howard Marine Lab! I'll be working on a fish ecology project and in the fall I'll be giving a presentation at a research symposium! Where I'll be living is in the middle of nowhere- so I'll have a lot of time on my hands during the work week. I have vowed to myself that I'll go running every day during the week and get back into shape....not to say that I'm totally out of it, but it would be nice to tone up a bit, especially if I'll be dancing in the fall. I'll also probably read a lot of personal reading books, since I never do during the school year because I get so busy with classes. I'm also going to be studying Spanish in the summer too, so I can get better at conversations! I'm going to be ambitious this summer. I also have planned my 21st birthday party in NYC, for those that can make it out. Date is TBA. I'll probably take a trip down to Philadelphia too since I'm close and have never been there- or at least don't remember it. I'll come home a few times on the weekends but it's 4.5 hours away so I can't come home much. Kind of a bummer since I've been away for so long and would love to spend time with my friends...unfortunately school/ career at this point come first so I can graduate on time! Feel free to visit me if you want!
In other news- I have my classes for Fall next semester. I will be living in my same apartment with Whitney as well! I will be taking Genetics, Physics, and Physiology for my serious classes and I'll be taking two dance classes, one Jazz and one Modern, as well as a studio art class. I'll probably be working too- modeling and maybe another job if time allows. Graduation in a year!!!!!! Time flies, man.
Anyways- I'll write and post some pictures to update everyone on my stories!