Too Blind To See It
Verbing...

Look man I love you. I am in love with you but I do have knowledge that everything or in this case everyone ain't for you.

You broke my heart. I thought I was past that but I feel like I just been in mental rehab. Every time you walk back in my life and draw us closer saying everything that I wish my King would say, only to label us the title of being "friends".

The mockery of it all.

Every one says "He's gonna come back again". I say to them "He better not".

It's like you are my favorite dish that has proven to be unhealthy for me unless I substitute a few ingredients with something else.

It's like you don't think about how this push and pull method has an effect on me. I love you... a lot but I want you to STOP. You cannot be my best friend and in love with me too. You are not allowed to slip up and tell me you love me.

It's not fair to my heart!

It hurts!

It's hard to be around you and not have you yet I am too afraid to tell you to go away because I would lose a prayer partner and a great friend.

My temptation...  You are my temptation.

I pray to the Lord to lead me not into temptation.

I cannot deal with this. My mind is boggling with every trivial thing that you do. I need to focus... I need to heal... I need to be with just me.

You want me to need you only when it's convenient to you. You want me to want you but you do not want me to have you. Then, you want me to be perfect and to be perfect yourself.

I cannot live a lie any longer. We are not perfect. We will disappoint and upset each other and we will make each other smile and laugh. Until you realize this a thought of a relationship is worthless. If you never take a chance that's on you.

Just know I tried.

I always kept it real regardless if it meant you would be upset temporarily. As a friend, a best friend should.  One whom loves flows for you so deep she would go to the every part of this world to stay by your side...  as your Queen even if you are too blind to see it.