Starting Stage 2
I have to admit that I put this off as long as I felt I possibly could without looking like a total procrastinator. I don't really understand why I felt so intimidated by moving onto Stage 2. Maybe it was because I really wanted to start working out in a gym setting and I couldn't get the gym membership like I wanted to this past week. So...I made the committment to Jen that I would do the workout tonight after I put That Other Kid to bed. She even asked me what time he went to bed! Gosh I couldn't even wessel out of it like that! So I pulled my book out (that I still haven't made the time to read all of, sorry Karena!) and pulled up the tutorials that Karena put up -- THANKS Karena! I got everything situated and ready to go and got started. And honestly, it wasn't nearly as bad as my head had it set up to be. I guess I made it out to be a lot worse than it really was. Funny thing about it is that about 5 minutes after I got started That Other Kid came out into the living room and said, "gosh that looks hard...you are sweating already!" and I was. It obviously was hard, but in a good way. :) I kept my weights pretty consistent and since I am doing the workout at home I had to find a way to make the horizontal wood chop work. Actually it wasn't too difficult since we have resistance bands. I found a columm and wrapped the band around it and pulled away! I'm going to need to find a way to add some weights too it since that seemed pretty easy. The one workout that I am not sure I will be able to continue with is the Static Lunge, rear foot elevated. I started it with the weights and did 1 and had to drop the weights. I did the 2 sets of 10 with only my body weight and it really hurt. I will try it again next time I do workout A but if it is still hurting I'm going to drop it. I don't need the pain.... I was surprised at how uncoordinated I felt during the dumbbell one-point row. I wasn't sure I was doing it right so I moved to the bedroom so I could watch myself in the mirror. My right leg wobbled and shook the whole time I was doing the set. My left leg felt a bit better but I still had to pause a couple of times. As for the plank and pushups, I am surprised at how fast my upper body has weakened since I ended the March core workouts. I was able to do the 2 sets of planks for 60 seconds but my arms were shaking! I did manage to do 2 sets of on the toe pushups but I didn't go down far enough....That will be my goal during this stage; to make my 20 pushups be "full on the toe" AND "nose to the ground". As for the progress I made during stage 1...I successfully completed it which is better than I honestly thought I would do but I didn't lose weight (gained it instead, grrrrrr) and I only lost a few inches, so I won't be doing pictures yet. I still need to work on the diet and now that I am on medication I will hopefully start losing weight! I am biking (or at least trying to) every day so that will be my cardio for now. I love biking and it helps me get outside 30 minutes a day like the dr told me to do! Thanks for letting me be a part of the #Ironsisters!! I love the support I am getting and I love that I am lifting weights!