News Just In!
Aloha Bloggerinos,
I have just come back from the salon with blondey blonde blonde hair! Oh yes! It's my hen night tomorrow night *prays the girls haven't booked a stripper* so I thought I would give myself a bit of hair love. My hair is an absolute beast and is so thick that the hairdresser looked a little like she wanted to stab me with her comb after a couple of hours, mwahahaha.
(my arty eye- see below for reason!)
Now, I have a few bits of news so I thought I would moosh them all together like a News-Just-In-Hotpot.
Firstly, I have recently heard that Cosmopolitan have launched the 'Cosmo Blog Award', sponsored by the ever brilliant Collection 2000. They are calling upon all blog readers to nominate their favourite blog and I am calling upon my lovely Bloggerinos to click HERE and give me a mention. I kid you not, I would piddle my pants with glee if you did that for me, I would be touched (ooerr) and honoured! piddlepiddle. 
(Hair fascinator for ETSY shop- reason below)
Secondly, I am starting up an ETSY shop! I have set it up but it needs tweaking and product pictures uploading. I wanted really pretty pictures and my chum Rob said he would do them for me. Rob has done weddings, portraits, arty pictures of the sea type things, 'real' shots of people, and now of course, my crafty bits. He will read this and be annoyed that I haven't described him very well at all, so Rob, I'm sorry!! Anyway, I will share a couple of pictures (scattered amongst this post) with you and of course point you to my ETSY shop when it is officially open, but if there is anyone in the Midland/Anglia type region and you would like a fantastic photographer, leave a comment and I will pass on his details. What he enjoys most (aprt from Photography bookings), is when you say his car looks like a panda. It's his fav.
(cupcake Earrings for ETSY shop)
Thirdly, thank you to everyone for their well wished for Mattmoo, who was in hospital this week. He is on the mend now and a happy chappy being so spoilt.
I think that's all for now lovely jubbly Bloggerinos. I'm off to do a few crafty bits for my shop and then get packing for my Hen Night! Woooo!! If any of you are out in Liverpool on Saturday, keep your peepers peeled and say "Aloha" to me!
Toodlepip!
xx