Ups and Downs ?
Have had an odd week since my last post. All started well on Wednesday and I ate like a pig trying to use all my points. 
  Weight Watchers has changed and in my opinion for the better. 
Fruit is now free and most vegetables so it's all the other stuff that goes with it that you have to point. You are allocated a daily allowance of points that are calculated on you weight, sex, age and height which you have to use each and every day. Non of this carrying over business like there used to be. Then all members have an additional weekly allowance of 49. This can be used on whatever and however you want. I am at the moments splitting it between my days so I have 33 points a day. But if I am going out, or having a meal I can use them towards this instead. 
So what have I eaten this week ??
Wed: 04/01
BreakFast - 2 x Turkey Rashers
                 Baked Beans
                 Slice of Toast 
Lunch -       Brown Rice
                 Wafer This Ham 
                 Cucumber and Celery
                 no fat strawberry yoghurt
Dinner -      Fillet of Salmon
                 Broccoli and sweetcorn
Snacks -     2 full fat Babybel
                1 curly Wurly
Thurs: 05/01
Breakfast -  2 egg omlette with ham
Lunch -       2 Weight Watcher (WW) Tortillas with wafer thin ham
                 Cucumber, Sweetcorn
                 1 red apple
Dinner -      4 bacon medallions 
                 Mushrooms
                 A poached egg
                 Baked Beans
                 1 slice of toast with flora light
                 Brown Sauce
                 Raspberry Sorbet
Snack -       1 full fat Babybel
Fri 06/01
Breakfast -  Baked Beans on a slice of Wholemeal toast with flora light
Lunch -       Golden Rice 
                 Wafer Thin Ham 
                 Philadelphia extra light
                 6 x Melba Toast 
As some of you know after lunch I was taken to hospital and had the pleasure (not) of an overnight stay. The good thing is it was nothing serious and I am under treatment. The not so good thing was the fact that I had lost my appetite and only ate because I had to.
Dinner  - A cheese sandwich with proper butter on white toast and slice of toast with porper butter later on.
Sat - 07/01 
Breakfast - 2 slices of white toast with proper butter
Just before lunch I was discharged and my husband took me home then went shopping with our daughter !!!!!
Not as bad as you might think, he was very thoughtful, (as I felt like crap for the next few days) and bought me in some crumpets for breakfast, which he found out are quite low pointed, and some weight watcher meals so I could just stick something in the oven when I was hungry and still keep on track.
So how did I do ??  
drum roll please .....................................................................................
I lost a fantastic 4lb. 
I am so pleased, to say I didn't have an appetite and ate lots of white bread (my vice) that I still lost so much.
I am going to set my self little goals instead of a large goal that will seem impossible to meet. My first is losing 5 % of my starting bodyweight. This means I have 5lbs to loose and I am determined to meet this in the next 3 - 4 weeks. 
I'm not sure what my finishing weight will be, but I have a particular summer dress I would like to me wearing this year.
Will keep you posted xx