Time to plant seeds!
What should we plant in February and March?
Day 1, parsley and thyme
Day 22, parsley and thyme
Hello everyone! Although it may not be spring officially yet, the outside tells us different! Nature is slowly waking up, so this is the best time to plant seeds. They say "What you plant you harvest" so make sure you make it right. 
What herbs should I plant? 
Let's see. The most common herbs people use in kitchen are parsley, basil, thyme, oregano and dill. Guess what! You can plant them now. All of them are heat loving so make some space at home and by the time it's warm enough outside, you can have little plants ready for your outside garden. You can plant them indoors as well, just like me and other people who don't have garden. 
How to plant seeds: 
You need: seeds, light, water, proper soil (I buy special soil mix for herbs) and some plastic containers or flowerpots (one for each kind of seeds)
1) fill the containers with soil, let 3 cm space on top
2) sprinkle the soil with water and according to instructions on the each packet plant the seeds (especially mind the depth and distance between them)
3) put 1-2 cm of soil (the bigger plant is going to grow, the more soil you put) on top and slightly sprinkle with water again.
4) let it grow on a sunny place and every 2 days sprinkle with water. Remember, seeds take some time to grow :)
Tip: Have you heard about Community gardens?
A community garden is a single piece of land gardened collectively by a group of people. They could be small areas where people grow small plots of vegetables, to large "greening" projects to preserve natural areas, to tiny street beautification planters on urban street corners. Some grow only flowers, others are nurtured communally and their bounty shared. It can be a great way to meet new people and make some friends with mutual hobby. It could be a solution for those who don´t have a garden of their own (most likely people in big cities).
In most cases, gardeners are expected to pay annual dues to help with garden upkeep, and the organization must manage these fees. The tasks in a community garden are many, including upkeep, mulching paths, recruiting members, and fund raising. There could be a lot of fun, too. Community meetings, support, and romantic bonfires where you can "hear the veggies grow" in the night.  
