Sick and Tired
i think I've figured out what is bugging people.
I am sick and tired of being bullied by stupid people.
No matter what facet of life you examine, there is always someone there to tell you what to do, who have no clue about living a life.
People who appoint themselves as saviors of the world or dictator take upon themselves some authority they do not have to make demands they have no right to make until everyone is so pissed they can't spit.
I worked for years at any job I could get and paid into Social Security for my retirement, and the president spouts off how he is going to abrogate it summarily if he gets elected. At that rate, he won't survive long enough to take office if he is elected.
People are  angry about being told to wear a mask. They understand full well that it might prevent infections, but that is all the medical community can offer the public at this point because there is no curative medicine and no vaccine to administer to provide immunity.
So now they say we should only wear one type of mask because the other types don't work. Stupidity to the max.
They might as well have said, "Wave your hands at the full moon and sing halleluiah". Voodoo medicine will not save people from corona virus 19.
Antagonizing our friends and competitors for the sake of distracting people from what is going on constantly behind their backs only destroys years of diplomatic effort to make friends of our enemies. The president is incoherent and not in touch with reality, and those afraid to cross him simply prolong the inevitable. The country is shut down until further notice, but rather than getting together with Congress to work out viable policies, the president decides policy at his whim like some brat with diapers that need changed.
Well, I have news for the republicans and the president. I won't change his diapers and if I have to starve, the republicans can too.
I believe that the arrogance in the world, the bullies and the asses setting themselves up as heroes are at the heart of why we are afflicted with the corona virus. They must be chastised and humbled, and He will put them down. But in order to accomplish this, everyone on earth will suffer in the process, and the suffering will not end until the lesson of humility is learned by all.