Book Review- The Fixer's Daughter by Hy Conrad: A Gripping, Page Turning Murder Mystery 5 of 5 stars
 I've read all of Hy Conrad's books in the Mr. Monk series and loved them all. Recently, as a fellow author, I was able to connect with him personally, and he gave me the honor of reading and reviewing his brand new mystery book called "The Fixer's Daughter."  This book was so great that I asked him if he'd consider doing a sequel with the characters. You should read it! 
Here's my review:
 The Fixer's Daughter by Hy Conrad: A Gripping, Page Turning Murder Mystery   5 of 5 stars
This book will take you in from the first chapter and make you picture the characters and situations, and keep you wondering about the murder presented off the bat. 
There are complex family dynamics between some of the characters that really play well, and keep you wondering how the lead character, Callie, is going to do what she has to without upsetting her brother and father. Callie, an investigative reporter doesn't stop until she gets to the bottom of the mystery and there's a mystery in a mystery! 
There is so much great material in this book, from how money and society intersect with the law, and real-life dangers presented from the on-line world. It will make you want to read the book in one sitting. 
I hope this becomes a series because the characters are so likeable. Truly a great mystery.   
ABOUT THE BOOK FROM AMAZON: The Fixer's Daughter pits father against daughter in a twisted tale of murder, deadly secrets and family loyalty. Three years ago, Callie McFee accidentally caused her father's political downfall. Once the most influential man in Texas, Buddy McFee resigned from office and became a "fixer", a person who makes big problems go away. 
  When a prominent CEO is caught trying to bury a raped and murdered girl, it looks like an open-and-shut case. But then Buddy steps in. Soon the wealthy suspect develops an alibi and evidence starts disappearing. Callie, an investigative reporter, used to adore her father. He was brilliant but honorable. Now she thinks he may be helping a cold-blooded killer escape justice. And then Callie discovers something even more troubling. The great Buddy McFee, the man protecting all the scandals in the state, is in the early stages of dementia. If this ever goes public, it would destroy his spirit, end his career and probably get him killed. Can Callie go up against her father and expose a ruthless killer? Can she do this and still keep his secret from the world? Or, as she inches closer to the truth, will she wind up getting both of them murdered?