Flight and Flightblogger
Flightblogger 2.0:
Flightglobal.com is delighted to announce that we are teaming up with one of the world's leading aviation blogs - Flightblogger - to add another distinctive voice to our online portfolio.
Since its launch in May this year, Flightblogger has established a deserved reputation for providing an independent but intelligent commentary on the development of new airliners. We are happy to see its independence continue.
Flightglobal.com firmly believes in supporting a diversity of viewpoints and we are keen to see alternative, high-quality opinions sitting alongside our mainstream coverage.
I want to extend my deepest thanks to Flight for supporting Flightblogger and encouraging independent coverage of the aviation industry, as well as its forward thinking approach to new media.
In addition, Flightblogger will find a new home at Flightglobal.com.
For the time being, flightblogger.blogspot.com will serve as an archive of all the work I've done to date. I will be moving over to a new permanent home at flightglobal.com later this week.
With this new partnership, I'll be able to devote my full energy to Flightblogger. I'm looking forward to increasing the scope of coverage and delving into a range of new topics inside the industry.
In the previous post, I referenced that Flightblogger was going global; both a subtle hint to the new partnership, as well as my plans for my first assignment.
At the end of this week, I will be traveling to Dubai to cover the 2007 Dubai Air Show. I'll be doing my best, jet lag and all, to deliver a unique independent viewpoint on this massive air show.
Just as I covered the 787 rollout, I will be liveblogging from Dubai. This will also provide a unique opportunity to make this an interactive experience. I want to hear from you about what you want to see and hear from DXB.
Boeing, Airbus and other aircraft manufacturers will be making major announcements during the course of the Air Show and I will be there to bring you coverage.
There will be over 140 aircraft on static or flying display. Start asking yourself this question: What do you want to see in Dubai?
Onward,
Jon Ostrower
Flightblogger