Joey B’s on The Hill – St. Louis MO
When visiting St. Louis just before Thanksgiving, Laurie and I were especially looking forward to dinner on Tuesday evening…as Laurie’s sister Bonnie and her husband Bill promised us a great chicken dinner.  We love good fried chicken!
So off we went to Joey B’s on the Hill. (I 'borrowed' these photos from Facebook) As you can see, this restaurant doesn’t occupy some flashy new building.  The owners, the Gianino family, have been in the restaurant business in the St. Louis area for many, many years.  At this point, they operate 7 restaurants and a catering service…so they have to be doing something right!
For those unfamiliar with St. Louis, “The Hill” is a neighborhood on high ground near Forest Park that was settled by immigrants from Northern Italy.  The neighborhood maintains its Italian and Sicilian traditions through family and many families who still reside there can trace their ancestry back for five or more generations.  The hill is also home to over 30 Italian-American restaurants and business.
Inside, Joey B’s reminded me of a cross between many family restaurants up in the northeastern USA and the old time small town dinner clubs in Wisconsin.  It’s all about the basics…casual atmosphere, that family friendly feeling and lots of food!  Although some smart phones were in use, for the most part people were talking to each other…
On to the appetizers… We started out with this big order of Fried Pickles served with spicy ranch dipping sauce. ($9.99) The order was huge…and the pickles were very good!  We managed to finish them all.
Despite our upcoming chicken dinners, Bill couldn’t resist ordering this colossal stack of Fried Onion Rings accompanied by a homemade horseradish dip. ($9.99) Now I’m not a fan of onions, but I was assured that Joey B’s version is excellent.  By now, we were already getting full with dinner yet to come.  A couple onion rings went home with Bill…
Then we were onto the reason that we came Joey B’s!  On Tuesdays for dinner and all day Sunday, this Fried Chicken Dinner is offered.  It’s half a chicken coated in a homemade secret recipe breading, accompanied by mashed potatoes and gravy, green beans and a biscuit. ($12.99) The chicken was excellent!  I traded Laurie a thigh for her breast, (she loves the dark meat and I prefer the white), while Bill took home our legs and wings for lunch at work the next day.
While you might think that Joey B’s on The Hill would focus on Italian food, it really covers a wide variety of offerings to include: Sandwiches/Burgers; Square Pizzas (with provel cheese); American Comfort Classics such as our chicken dinners; a number of entrees…some with Italian influences, and of course; a variety of pastas.  Sometime I’ll have to try their Pasta Alfredo which is made with provel cheese…
Good food…plenty of it…friendly casual atmosphere…and a good value too!  We will be back.  Joey’s on The Hill is located at 2524 Hampton Avenue in St. Louis Missouri.  Phone: 314-645-7300.  Their website is found at https://www.joeybshill.com/gianinos.htm.
Just click on any of the photos to enlarge them…
Thanks for stopping by for a visit!
Take Care, Big Daddy Dave