Rain, Shine, Sleet, Snow. Sure, Now Pull My Finger.
In 2006 Congress passed a bill that required the post office to fund their pension plan for seventy five years into the future at a cost of nearly eighty billion dollars. No other agency or private company has that mandate. So that was the first part of the plan to screw over the constitutionally required department so that private shipping companies could profit when USPS service degraded for lack of money. Fourteen years later we have a crazy person who puts in a new postmaster general, and that guy proceeds to kneecap the post office. 
So  that's where we are, and that's why my mail that used to come every day, has stopped arriving. We have a regular letter carrier who does a very good job when she is working on our street. However, if she goes on vacation or has a day off, or if she is reassigned for a week to another route, we get no mail. That happened last week. No mail on Monday, or Tuesday. No mail on Thursday, Friday or Saturday. And I checked, none of our neighbors got mail either. Don't try to pull the wool over a retired guy's eyes. I'm home all day and I can see if there's a mailman on our street. Now, did you notice? I didn't mention Wednesday. That's because we did get mail last Wednesday. The only problem is that we got somebody else's mail. And the guy next door got somebody else's mail, and the people on the other side got my mail. And so on, and so on, and so on. The entire block on our side of the street got mail one house off from where it was supposed to go. I went out and corrected four of the deliveries. But hell, it's not my job. My job as an old retired fart, is to call the post office on Monday and bitch at the person who answers the phone. Seriously, I wanted to unload. But I couldn't. The lady who answered the phone couldn't have been nicer, and so concerned when I told her about the Wednesday delivery.
"Oh, really? Every house? That carrier should be fired."
"No don't do that. Just make sure she can read and count."
"Well I'll do that. Now what is your address and name? I want to be sure we take care of you."
I hesitated. Would there be reprisals for snitching I wondered? But she was too nice to do that, so I told her. The nice lady then assured me that there would be mail. She also assured me that the outgoing mail I had waiting would be picked up. That included a letter to Mom. So I sure hope some angry person at the post office doesn't spit on it, fold it, and/or mutilate it. You know, just to get back at me for being a whiney bitch.