Factions
It is not what you know…
It’s who you know. Just like the old saying goes. As you walk up to an unknown character and decide how you are going to interact with them, the game is running it’s calculations to determine whether it is time to throw some occultists at you or possibly send you a courier with a note from “a friend”.
I start each game with the idea of the character that I am building - possibly a rogue with a tendency to pick a pocket or two, or maybe I am feeling righteous and want to be the law upholding non-gunslinging-talk-his-way around-out-of-confrontation kinda guy. Either way, there are factions that will support you in your efforts in most of the large RPGs today.
Not only do they support your adventure by literally opening doors for you, but they usually outfit you with some sweet gear or share with you a bit of information that is integral to finding some.
“I don't know who to take?”
Before the great days of being able to play with your real-life friends, factions gave you the extra hand on that quest that needed one person to do one thing and you to do another. They weren't called factions then, but in the Final Fantasy series, you would be able to go to a central location and pick up whichever party characters you would need to accomplish a task.
In Real Life
Translation
Our need for community and social interaction is what makes us human. Today, even the most isolated people that I work with have online communities. These friendships are a good place to start with, but you may need to step outside of your comfort zone to build a network that is going to increase your net worth. Below are some opportunities:
Work
Volunteer
Shared-Interest Groups
Many of these people can be met in your day-to-day life. When you think of the principal idea behind seven degrees of separation (somebody knows somebody x 7) you are connected to just about everyone in this world. As you venture into the world, you will see that there are people that seemingly know everyone. These people are an excellent place to start building a network of your own.
Your Net worth is equal to Your Network
Here are 3 simple things you can do to attract these connectors:
Find what you are passionate about
Dress the part
Be respectful of the relationships
Now obviously each of these can be written as an entire chapter to their own and we discuss them in depth in My Book IRL: A Player’s Guide to Leveling Up. Check-in next week as I will be diving into each of these 3 simple things a little more in-depth.