Nearly twelve years ago we drove 4,132 kilometres from Perth to Hobart. Before we left we wondered how our four little kids would cope, and guessed that we would hear untold are-we-there-yets?
In the end we never heard that once. It was the excitement of going to live in this heavenly place, Tasmania, that helped us to cope very well with the long hard drive.
In the untold trials of your journey to heaven, this Revelation 21 vision of heaven is what you must keep your eye on. This is what will help you through the fiercest droughts and storms.
Revelation 21:9 One of the seven angels who had the seven bowls full of the seven last plagues came and said to me, ‘Come, I will show you the bride, the wife of the Lamb.’ 
The veil is again pulled aside so that we can see, through dazzling symbols, the kingdom of God. This, as Allan Chapple puts it, is “the glorious counterpart to the doomed kingdom of this world” (A Gospel Pageant, p. 69).
We are shown the New Heaven and Earth, “the Bride, the Wife of the Lamb,” and the New Jerusalem. These, as we will see, are three overlapping symbols of the church of the Old and New Testaments.
Revelation 21:10-11 And he carried me away in the Spirit to a mountain great and high, and showed me the Holy City, Jerusalem, coming down out of heaven from God. 11 It shone with the glory of God, and its brilliance was like that of a very precious jewel, like a jasper, clear as crystal.
In the Bible mountains are often sites of revelation high points. Remember Abraham on Moriah, Moses on Sinai, and Jesus’ great Matthew 5-7 sermon. John will see and learn extraordinary things from this “mountain great and high.” Beale shows also that this portrait is “the prophetic culmination of the blissful vision of the future temple in Ezekiel 40-48, which was located on ‘a very high mountain’” (Beale, Commentary on the New Testament Use of the Old Testament, p. 1151).
The Holy City, which is the Church, descends from heaven to earth. Right now there is separation. The souls of dead believers are with the LORD, but their bodies are buried here below. The church militant is separated from the church triumphant. The LORD is with us, but we do not see him face to face. The descent of the Holy City rejoins all that sin has sundered.
And the church shines, as did Moses’ tabernacle and Solomon’s temple, with the glory of God’s presence (Exo 40; 1Ki 8). Its brilliance is described superlatively as “a very precious jewel,” and krystallidzō, as transparent and shining as a gemstone. Glory translates doxa, which is the so-called “shekinah glory cloud” of God’s presence, which settled (shekinah means “dwelling” or “settling”), upon the tabernacle among God’s people (Exo 40:35).
Revelation 21:12-14  It had a great, high wall with twelve gates, and with twelve angels at the gates. On the gates were written the names of the twelve tribes of Israel. 13 There were three gates on the east, three on the north, three on the south and three on the west. 14 The wall of the city had twelve foundations, and on them were the names of the twelve apostles of the Lamb.
Back then plump cities were tempting targets for marauding generals. With solid high walls, and a good water supply and store of provisions, a city’s defenders could hold out against a much larger army, often until it had to retreat from food shortage or disease.
The great high wall of the Holy City, guarded by twelve angels, symbolises its eternal safety. The inhabitants of this city would never face attack, injury, and death.
We see Israel, the church of the Old Testament, symbolised by the names of her twelve tribes on the twelve gates. Notice also how the Holy City reflects the tabernacle, which was pitched in the centre of Israel’s twelve tribes, three each to the north, south, east, and west.
And we see the church of the New Testament, symbolised by the names of the twelve apostles of the Lamb on the foundations of the gates. Thus Paul taught the Ephesian Christians that they were “fellow citizens with God’s people and also members of his household, built on the foundation of the apostles and prophets, with Christ Jesus himself as the chief cornerstone.  In him the whole building is joined together and rises to become a holy temple in the Lord” (2:19-21). A church that is not built directly on Scripture, on the teaching of prophets and apostles “carried along by the Holy Spirit” (2Pe 1:21), is no church at all.
Revelation 21:15-17 The angel who talked with me had a measuring rod of gold to measure the city, its gates and its walls. 16 The city was laid out like a square, as long as it was wide. He measured the city with the rod and found it to be 12,000 stadia in length, and as wide and high as it is long. 17 The angel measured the wall using human measurement, and it was 144 cubits thick.
Like Ezekiel (40:2), John watches a heavenly messenger measure God’s Holy City. Three symbols, concerning its shape, size, and citizenry, surprise us.
First, the Holy City is a cube, the same perfect shape of the Holy of Holies in the temple (1Ki 6:20). Here “God’s glorious presence, formerly limited to that backroom of the temple, has burst forth and filled the entire new cosmos” (Beale, Commentary, p. 1153).
Second, at 12,000 stadia cubed, the Holy City is 2,200 kilometres long, wide, and high. Ancient Jerusalem was a little less than one square kilometre. Ancient Rome was just over eighteen square kilometres. The city described here is a gargantuan 4,840,000 square kilometres. If such a city had the same population density as New York it would include over 185 billion people. The symbolic point of this inconceivably large city is that the number of the saved will be “a great multitude” (Rev 19:1,6). Just as God promised Abraham, “I will surely multiply your offspring as the stars of heaven and as the sand that is on the seashore” (Gen 22:17).
Third, the symbolic numbers describing the dimensions of the city are not just very large, they all have twelve as a factor. This is the number of the patriarchs of the Old Testament and the Apostles of the New Testament, and is therefore the number of the church. The Holy City is the church, and the church is the bride, and the bride is the Holy City.
At 12,000 stadia cubed the city is vast. And being [12 x (7 + 3)3] it represents the people of God (12), times the number of perfection (7) plus the number of God (3), itself cubed to represent the presence of God. It is the vast perfect city of God and his people.
At 144 cubits (66 metres) thick the walls are symbolically safe. And being twelve squared they show that each tribe of the nation had itself become a nation, again reflecting the vast uncountable number of Abraham’s saved descendents.
Revelation 21:18-21 The wall was made of jasper, and the city of pure gold, as pure as glass. 19 The foundations of the city walls were decorated with every kind of precious stone. The first foundation was jasper, the second sapphire, the third agate, the fourth emerald, 20 the fifth onyx, the sixth ruby, the seventh chrysolite, the eighth beryl, the ninth topaz, the tenth turquoise, the eleventh jacinth, and the twelfth amethyst. 21 The twelve gates were twelve pearls, each gate made of a single pearl. The great street of the city was of gold, as pure as transparent glass.
Consider that all the extracted gold in the world would fit into just three-and-a-third Olympic-sized swimming pools. The fact that the walls of the colossal Holy City are made of jasper, and the city itself is made of gold, symbolises its unimagineable value.
In these kinds of heavenly visions glass, clear sapphire, and crystal always represents the “firmament,” the barrier between heaven and earth, above which sits God transcendent (Exo 24:9-10, Eze 1:22, Rev 4:6). The fact that the whole city is pure translucent gold may indicate that the firmament no longer separates God and his people, but that we are all bound together within his firmament.  
In Jerusalem today you can still see the “Wailing Wall,” some of the great limestone blocks on which Herod the Great’s temple was built. The heavenly city is built on twelve different kinds of precious jewel as twelve foundations. This not only reinforces the precious splendour of the Holy City, it also echoes the beautiful breastplate of the High Priest, which showcased twelve gemstones arranged in four rows of three, set in gold, “one for each of the names of the sons of Israel, each engraved like a seal with the name of one of the twelve tribes” (Exo 28:21). Thus arrayed the High Priest pictured the LORD, who bore his precious tribes, the promised children of Abraham, upon his heart.
Now the entire Holy City is on the heart of the LORD. This fulfils Isaiah’s vision of God’s compassion and faithfulness to his covenant:
Isaiah 54:10-12  “Though the mountains be shaken and the hills be removed, yet my unfailing love for you will not be shaken nor my covenant of peace be removed,” says the LORD, who has compassion on you.  “O afflicted city, lashed by storms and not comforted, I will build you with stones of turquoise, your foundations with sapphires. I will make your battlements of rubies, your gates of sparkling jewels, and all your walls of precious stones.”
Everyone has heard that heaven has pearly gates and streets paved with gold. Revelation 21 is the source of the rumour. The twelve gates, for the church of the twelve patriarchs and twelve Apostles, are made of margaritēs, pearl. So the gates, like the entire city, are perfect and precious.
Back then most Jerusalemites would have lived on rammed-earth floors. The more important streets were paved with durable and relatively inexpensive flagstones. The fact that the main street of the Holy City is paved with precious metal again highlights its worth and splendour.
The most valuable material things that this world have to offer are just common building materials in the Holy City. They cannot be compared in value with the Lamb and his Bride. So don’t emulate the rich young ruler’s blunder.
Revelation 21:22 I did not see a temple in the city, because the Lord God Almighty and the Lamb are its temple.
If you lived in ancient Greece then Israel, God’s nation, was “over there.” If you lived in northern Israel then Jerusalem, God’s city, was “over there.” If you lived in Jerusalem then the temple, God’s house, was “over there.” If you were in the temple courts then the Holy of Holies, God’s throne room, was “over there.” In this sin-cursed world God is always separate, always “over there.”
The Holy City, the New Heaven and Earth, has no temple because God himself is the temple, and God is everywhere. In heaven God will never be “over there,” but always right here.
Revelation 21:23-25 The city does not need the sun or the moon to shine on it, for the glory of God gives it light, and the Lamb is its lamp. 24 The nations will walk by its light, and the kings of the earth will bring their splendour into it. 25 On no day will its gates ever be shut, for there will be no night there.
The sun, moon, and stars were given to govern the seasons, and as a constant reminder that “God is light, in him there is no darkness at all” (1Jo 1:5). In the Holy City such reminders will no longer be needed, for the light of God’s holiness and truth will blaze into every corner. Darkness, which so often represents the devil and his sombre obfuscations, will flee. And whereas old cities shut their gates at night for safety, in the New Heaven and Earth this won’t be necessary (cf. Isa 60:11).
Does this mean that we will be deprived of bird-chorused sunrises? Of heartaching sunsets? Of the milky light of the silent moon? No. Immersed in Christ’s presence, we will forever encounter incomparable fresh beauties on every side, and for all eternity.
Note also that the Holy City is not for a nation, but for the nations. Jesus is “the Saviour of the World” (John 4:42, 1Jo 4:14).
Revelation 21:26-27 The glory and honour of the nations will be brought into it. 27 Nothing impure will ever enter it, nor will anyone who does what is shameful or deceitful, but only those whose names are written in the Lamb’s book of life.
The gates of heaven do not swing open to certain nationalities, but to holiness and godliness. Given that we are by nature ungodly, only God’s grace opens those gates. It is by grace that our names written in the Lamb’s book of life, which is the citizenship roll of the Holy City.
Whatever the droughts and storms that engulf you right now, go back again and again to this glorious vision of heaven. It will carry you through.
[I took the above photo of the Bibliothèque nationale de France site Richelieu in Paris in January 2019. I think it must reflect at least one corner of heaven.]