Understanding and unmaking the mess man made
For the past 30 years I’ve spent a lot of time researching cybersecurity and data privacy, working with people whose job it is to protect information systems from criminals. In recent years that job has been getting much harder. Each new wave of technology fails to fix the problems with old technology, even as it creates a whole new set of problems.
Furthermore, whenever I have had a chance step outside of cyberspace, it has struck me that this has always been the way of things, in all forms of technology, not just digital, and not just for decades, but for centuries. I now believe that fundamental changes must be made to the way that technology is created, funded, and deployed.
To be blunt about it: I believe that these changes are urgently needed to prevent our planet choking to death on a surfeit of poorly conceived and badly executed technology. In short, the time has come to fix the mess we’ve made of technology, and by ‘we’ I mean men.
Who am I to talk about this? I’m the son of an engineer whose father and brother were engineers. I was born within site of a car factory in the heart of car-making country. I’ve spent four decades working in and with technology. I am a technologist. (I even have an award to prove it.)
The Sad Cycle of Technology
Here is what I see happening, time and time again: a man perceives a problem and invents new technology to solve it. Other men decide this technology has great potential. They put up the money to deploy this new technology, despite some early warnings about its possible shortcomings.
As deployment gathers pace, more warning are sounded, but the technology now has traction. As a financial upside comes into sight, a lot of male egos - those of the inventor, investors, developers, and early adopters - fervently hype this latest and greatest technology. If warnings are sounded or doubts expressed, critics are derided as weak, nervous, lacking in the right stuff. They are labeled Luddites.
However, over time, things start to go wrong, often in ways predicted by those Luddites. Sadly, the new technology produces unwanted side effects or is not as fit-for-purpose as the hype implied. It creates problems; yet there is no shortage of men ready to invent new technology to solve those problems (and in doing so eventually create yet more problems).
When I searched for the root causes of this mess, I found one consistent factor: men. By studying male attitudes to technology I think we can see just how patriarchy has made a mess of technology. I began to research this aspect of the history and ethics of technology several years ago when I was studying for my masters in security and risk management. That research effort is ongoing and on this website and related publications, I will share past lessons and new insights.