1. every friday post a photo that includes one or more flowers.
2. please only post photos you have authority to use.
3. include a link to this blog in your post - http://floralfridayfoto.blogspot.com/
4. leave the link to your floralfridayfoto post below on inlinkz.
5. visit other blogs listed ... comment & enjoy!
when to post:
inlinkz will be available every thursday and will remain open until the next wednesday. 
thursday, 29 august 2019
fff404 - narcissus 
narcissus is a genus of predominantly spring perennial plants in the amaryllidaceae family. various common names including daffodil, daffadowndilly, narcissus, and jonquil are used to describe all or some members of the genus. narcissus has conspicuous flowers with six petal-like tepals surmounted by a cup- or trumpet-shaped corona. the flowers are generally white or yellow (orange or pink in garden varieties), with either uniform or contrasting coloured tepals and corona.
narcissus were well known in ancient civilisation, both medicinally and botanically, but formally described by linnaeus' in his species plantarum (1753). the genus is generally considered to have about ten sections with approximately 50 species. the number of species has varied, depending on how they are classified, due to similarity between species and hybridisation. the genus arose some time in the late oligocene to early miocene epochs, in the iberian peninsula and adjacent areas of southwest europe.
the exact origin of the name narcissus is unknown, but it is often linked to a greek word for intoxicated (narcotic) and the myth of the youth of that name who fell in love with his own reflection. the english word 'daffodil' appears to be derived from "asphodel", with which it was commonly compared. the species are native to meadows and woods in southwest europe and north africa with a centre of diversity in the western mediterranean, particularly the iberian peninsula.
both wild and cultivated plants have naturalised widely, and were introduced into the far east prior to the tenth century. narcissi tend to be long-lived bulbs, which propagate by division, but are also insect-pollinated. known pests, diseases and disorders include viruses, fungi, the larvae of flies, mites and nematodes. some narcissus species have become extinct, while others are threatened by increasing urbanisation and tourism. dafffodil breeding has introduced a wide range of colours, in both the outer perianth tepal segment and the inner corona. in the registry, daffodils are coded by the colours of each of these two parts. thus in the photo below of narcissus 'geranium', tazetta (division 8) has a white outer perianth and orange corona and is classified as 8 w-o.
join me for floral friday fotos by linking your flower photos below, and please leave a comment once you have done so!
if you link your post here, please show a link back to this site on your blog post...
add your own link to the linky list below and say hello in a comment. please visit other participants in the meme.
thank you for your loyalty and perseverance in linking up, it is appreciated!