digestive bugs; a hidden cause of weight gain in women
did you know, digestive bugs are a hidden link to unexplained weight gain in women?  the great news is, there is herbal and nutritional support that will make a difference.
although i have previously discussed digestive flora before from it's influence on serotonin and cravings, new findings directly link it to poor glycaemic control and unexplained weight gain – and after 16 years of practice, it really makes so much sense!
recent research has shown that digestive health, plays a significant role in both obesity and diabetes, primarily due to a deficiency in a protein called toll-like receptor 5 (tlr5), a regulator of digestive flora in our gastro intestinal tract. this allows harmful bacteria to multiply and taking probiotics can actually make it worse!
in short, a tlr5 deficiency changes your metabolism. it means you can exercise and count calories or live on lettuce leaves and not lose weight.
the reason being, the food you eat is absorbed at a faster caloric rate than it is meant to. think of the example of you are out to coffee with a friend, you both have a skiny latte – your absorbency is the equivalent to having two! this is because a deficiency in tlr5 causes:
increased carbohydrate storage
increased caloric absorption
increased insulin production
increased leptin resistance
increased fatty acid absorbency
this means, if you have unhealthy digestive flora and a 'gut bug', although you eat healthy, you may extract more calories from your foods, even if they are 'healthy' and gain more weight.
this is why you might eat less than your friends but still gain weight!
top three causes of toll-like receptor 5 (tlr5) deficiencies
gram negative digestive bacteria
chronic infections
genetics
chronic stress
antibiotic use
symptoms
cravings and increased appetite
unexplained weight gain
stubborn fat around the middle
bloating, digestive disturbances
unexplained high cholesterol
unexplained high blood pressure
unexplained fatigue
unexplained pain and inflammation
poly cystic ovarian disorder
test results may show:
1. elevated crp
2. digestive dysbiosis or inflammatory bowel conditions
3. elevated free fatty acids
4. auto immune markers
5. poor glycaemic control
6. poly cystic ovarian disorder or cysts
3 easy steps to stopping this cycle today
1. don’t wait. i can guarantee you, it won’t 'fix' itself, it will only get worse.
2. you must reduce bacterial levels and restore balance
3. you must restore glycaemic control and improve insulin sensitivity
to join or not to join?
deciding to make the change is often one of the hardest steps, simply because making change takes energy. you may even be exhausted from trying to find solutions!  there are so many reasons why you may need help. but with the right expert advice, you can make a difference, starting today.
making a change is easy. just join my $149 program at http://www.massattack.com.au/f_form.php and let me know if you are on board and ready to go so i can coach you along the way.
if you would like further information or for me to call you, please email me at info@massattack.com.au
warmest regards,
narelle stegehuis
mhsc. naturopath. medical herbalist.
tel. 1300 133 536 or www.massattack.com.au