the “i don’t want to workout” training run

it is no secret i have been a total slacker since the disney princess 1/2 marathon the end of february, heck i owe a trip and race report – i will do one i promise and i have only run like 2 times.

i signed up for the atlanta peachtree road race 10k lottery – huge race 60,
000 runners july 4th, fun time and to be honest i was hoping to not get in.
i mean its hot, has some serious hills, the logistics of dealing with the start and end, blah blah blah.
i am toying with doing a 1/2 marathon in august here in atlanta – yes that is nuts heat wise, but its flat……so when i got in the lottery last week i decided i needed to start my 3 runs a week training again.
the peachtree works in great with that 1/2 marathon as far as preparing distance wise and calendar wise.

this is week 1 of getting back to it -today was run 2 of 3 for the week.
we went to disney on ice treasure trove last night and had a blast, but it was a late night so me and the 5 year old princess slept in – and she skipped preschool. 
this means i had to go gym since i just can’t leave her alone while i run. 
i put on my disney princess tech shirt to try to cheer me up as i was not into doing this today and headed to the gym.

the goal: 30 minutes “speed work”. 
i set the treadmill at random workout level 3.

i started with a 3 minute walk warmup and then did my 1 minute run/ 1 minute walk intervals.
i paced the run started in at 6mph and the walks at 4mph.
 with each walk i added 0.1mph goal to get up to 7 and then go down.
the idea is with each run interval i get faster.

here’s the thing, i was not into today.
ate crap yesterday, didn’t have enough water so over drank before my workout today “slosh, slosh, slosh”. 
i felt my big belly bouncing around – lets face it i have been eating junk lately and i was just tired. 
yet i pushed on. 
i got up to 6.6mph runs and was like please be over…..so the next run interval one i said to heck with it and went up to 6.8 for 30 seconds then 7. 
i was so tired some of my walk intervals were longer than a minute as my breathing was fast.
the last run interval….i heard bob and jillian from biggest loser saying in my head “last chance workout……” – the nice bob from previous seasons…..and said to heck with this, the first 30 sec i did 7mph, the last i did 8mph – yowza that was fast. 
i think i looked like a spaz those 30 seconds, but got it done!

felt great to be done as i would rate this workout a total blah – i was so not into it.

while i much prefer to be outside, i do love how i can push myself for short bursts on the treadmill.
now, to work on my diet – i need to start feeding my body some good stuff….oh and get sleep too.

hey, but i am so happy to be on track with my scheduled workouts this week.
one more then i kick it up a notch!
the gym has got some awesome looking core classes starting soon, def will give them a try.

happy running, walking or some combo thereof !