Shampoo Troubles

One day on September1st 2009 Isabella Marie, an average girl who was very smart acted irrational for a few minutes in the shower. “There’s no more shampoo!” she shrike. So she got out of the shower, put on her robe and went to talk to her mom. “Mom how can I take a shower without shampoo!” she cried. ” Are you serious sweet pea look at you, go get dressed and I’ll give you ten dollars so you can buy shampoo.” said her mom. “Okay mom she obedient remarked. She got dressed in her tie dyed shirt, white caps, and an orange sweater. She rapidly put on her green Vans and grabbed her sweat ten dollars and walked to the Super Save Mart As she walked on the dirty pavement she saw boys playing soccer, girls in mini skirts walking down the street, and teenage boys smoking cigars. As Isabella Marie passed all the activity going on.”

“Speech, what must be going on these days?” she asked herself. Isabella Marie went inside the Super Save Mart and went to the hair products aisle. Just as she was going to get the last strawberry scented shampoo a little baby boy knocked the bottle off the shelter. “Oh, great” she exclaimed. Isabella Marie walked a little further and grumpy and grabbed the blueberry-scented shampoo. Not my favorite, but okay she thought to herself. Isabella Marie went to pay the shampoo, just when there’s a blackout. Then a guy calmly walked in the store and said,”Keep calm everyone it was an accident it will be fixed in no time.” “Hh, when will this end!” “Sorry kid.” said the hairy clerk. ”Yeah right”,Isabella Marie replied. So she left the Super Save Mart empty-handed So Isabella Marie slowly walked back home. “Why me, why couldn’t I just buy shampoo and be happy. What’s the problem with that huh”, she streamed. Then she heard a faint voice “Shampoo for sell, shampoo of all scenes”. Isabella Marie started walking faster, and then the voice was louder and louder. Finally, she approached a girl who was short, had brown wavy long hair, and tan skin.

“How can I help you……….uuuhh…”                                                                                                            

“Isabella Marie!!!”, she said loud and proud.

“Okay then Isabella Marie, how can I help you?”

“You can help me by selling me some shampoo.”,Isabella Marie appealed. 

“Oh about that a fat lady came and bought everything.”the girl with the brown eyes anxious said waiting for Isabella Marie’s response.

“Oh that’s just wonderful!!!”Isabella Marie sarcastically said.

“I’m so sorry,…I I I”the girl started to lament.

“No it’s okay” Isabella Marie lied. Then Isabella Marie left without another word. Isabella Marie walked back to the Super Save Mart to check if the blackout was over and surely it was.  “Yes!!!”she yelled delighted. She  went to the hair products aisle and grabbed the strawberry shampoo and ran to the check out stand. She paid three dollars and fifty scenes. Isabella Marie was so happy that she forgot the shampoo in the Super Save Mart. By the time she realized and went back to the store the shampoo was nowhere to be seen. Isabella Marie got so mad about this she went directly to the manager. There with him she complained about her problem. “Sorry kid its not my problem”, he said cool

“Oh yes it is your problem!!!”, she snapped.  “Go watch the videos the camera recorded””, she teased. Together they saw the video of her paying the blueberry scented  shampoo.  “Oooohhhh,I told you

“Fine go and get your shampoo and leave” he stumbled

” Thank you”, she triumphant said. So she left with some thing that spelled like strawberries  in her hand.

THE ND!!!!!!!!!!!