sharing isn't caring... when it comes to men
9/27/14

i am one to question people who i consider close to me. when they do things that are immoral, i ponder over who they really are. i draw back a little. call it judging if you may this one but this one scripture put it's in prospective for me:

"proverbs 13:20-21 nlt

walk with the wise and become wise; associate with fools and get in trouble. trouble chases sinners, while blessings reward the righteous"

so now you get last blog post "you failed at life?", if you have not already.

in today's reading, i have another close friend that i've been questioning lately but let me start it like this,

if anyone recalls my 7 billion rule, it goes like this... they are are 7 billion in this world so know there is always someone else out there for you. you do not have to date the potential in others. you do not have to deal with other people's lewdness and fraudulent behavior. you do not have to on the realms of relationships and friendships.

i live by a 7 billion rule most of the time but always in these instances:

if a guy is promiscuous
if a guy is deceitful
if a person is being fake, living a lie
if a person is doing things that may cause harm to my reputation

i often wonder why some women are so keen on sharing men. i let a guy know from the jump that sharing isn't caring when it comes to men. if i'm intimate with you, that's it. i'm not into unhealthy causes. they are too many things that you can contract out here dealing with just one person. the risks grows when more people are added into the mix.

when i find out a guy is with me and another one or more people i dismiss him for those very reasons. i will never understand why a woman will want to carry on with such a man. is the "d" that good? what you can't find better "d"? is has to be the "d" right? or maybe not... it could be a matter of self worth. some women feel like they cannot do better. they turn it on themselves, like they are the issue and with that it depicts who were brought up or shown to be queens and who were not so let me say this.

little girls. ladies. women... we are queens, we must treat ourselves as thus, and require  a man to treat us as such. stop settling for the sake of "i love you(s)"