melted snowman cookies
i can across a recipe for melted snowman cookies while surfing the internet. theres was incredibly complicated and used ingredients id personally probably never buy. i saw on another site that they had modified it some and made it simpler but to me it still took longer then i care to take baking cookies. so i searched some more and found an even simpler method which i then took and deconstructed to fit my needs and below is the recipe ive come up with. i hope you enjoy and please leave a comment if you try them.

melted snowman cookies
-----------------------
items needed
marshmallows
icing
food coloring or colored icing pens
sugar cookies
2 3/4 cups all-purpose flour
1 teaspoon baking soda
1/2 teaspoon baking powder
1 cup butter, softened
1 1/2 cups white sugar
1 egg
1 teaspoon vanilla extract

preheat oven to 375f degrees. in a small bowl, stir together flour, baking soda, and baking powder. set aside.
in a large bowl, cream together the butter and sugar until smooth. beat in egg and vanilla. gradually blend in the dry ingredients. take a nice chunk of dough and form it into a puddle shape (sloppy circle).
bake 8 to 10 minutes in the preheated oven, or until golden. let stand on cookie sheet two minutes before removing to cool on wire racks. 

while the cookies are baking prepare your favorite icing recipe. after removing the cookies from the oven ice them with the white frosting. it will drip over the edges and look sloppy but thats the look you want. let them cool completely before finishing decorating.once they are cooled. depending on how many cookies you have place marshmallows on the a microwave safe plate and microwave 10-20 seconds. you want the marshmallows to flatten slightly in their centers. with pam sprayed fingers quickly transfer the melted marshmallows onto the cookie. as they cool they should stick to the cookie. 

lastly comes the decorating. you can choose to color the remainder of the frosting you made earlier with food dye or buy those nifty little frosting pens. make some eyes,carrot nose and a smile on the marshmallow head and draw a simple tie on the cookie body and thats it your done. you can embelish them more if you like or make them even simpler if you choose. you could also use pre made sugar cookie dough and just complete the rest of the steps as described. 

these will be cute for the holidays or just as a winter treat. i hope you enjoy them as i do!