settling in
it's taken three long months but i think i am finally settling into london life.
a huge part of that is finally securing a job - unemployment is an enormous factor in happiness when you're in a foreign country without your network of friends and family.  and job hunting in london is so much tougher than it ever was in sydney.  for a contract role at a telco i had 3 rounds of interviews, a psych assessment, a case study and a presentation.  only to be rejected for an internal candidate.  so it's tough, but i have finally secured a contract with a retail bank in the uk and i start next week so i'm totally stoked.  i can honestly say that since securing a job i finally had my first decent night's sleep since march.

i've been slowly making friends and getting out a bit more.  reformer pilates has been my saviour whenever i've been frustrated with the work situation.  i've been pretty diligent with my home life - doing laundry, cooking, dishes, cleaning.  i have to admit i did let the eating habits slide a bit.  i was eating out of boredom which resulted in eating 5 meals a day and eating chocolate, pastries, cookies - foods that i never used to eat back at home.  it all came to a head a few weekends ago when i ate so much lunch i almost felt like throwing up.  i decided immediately that i would get back to 3 reasonably healthy/normal sized meals a day and it was surprisingly easier than i expected.

i'm slowly learning the names of the different tube lines and roughly where the main tube stops are.  i've started getting annoyed if i have to wait more than 5 minutes for a bus.  but i haven't started complaining about the weather (give it a few more weeks) and i certainly am not used to queueing for everything.  brits love to queue.  everywhere.  for anything.  i don't know whether the queueing culture has created a culture of slow service workers or vice versa but it's bloody frustrating.

i had been keeping a shopping list on my phone and i said to myself i would reward myself when i finally got a job (and also because when you're unemployed for 6 months, how do you justify buying all the fancy things?).  of course my new job confirmation came at the same time as black friday and i may have gone a little crazy.  that's another post....

i have a few things planned for my final week of unemployment and if i stop being lazy i will actually blog about it.