kick the sugar habit!
you know sugar is bad for you; consumption can be linked to every single illness you've ever (and never) had.  you also know it is the number one cause of weight gain.   if you`re going to eat sugar, you are going to get sick and you are going to get fat and you don`t want that!  but you can't stop yourself from eating it....  why?  you're addicted.
you'd probably be surprised to hear that sugar addiction is the most common addiction in our society today.  you might also be surprised to hear that is as addictive as nicotine, cocaine, heroin...  so if you thought that smoking and drugs were bad, you know now that your sugar habit is a serious thing too.   sugar is highly addictive, highly damaging to your health and highly hard on your waistline.  
look how much sugar is in these ``healthy`` raisins:
anyone who's ever quit an addiction before knows the commitment it takes to 'get clean', and just like other addictions, giving up sugar is tough.  lets face it - an addiction makes you feel good and who doesn't want that?!?  the thing is, that there are so many healthier ways to feel good.  like for one, exercise.  and another, losing weight!  so lets get you off the sugar and onto the really good stuff in life, feeling great and exercise that gets you results!  

step 1: quit eating sugar.

first, you need a goal and a plan and then you need strict commitment to your goal to stick to the plan.

we've already identified the goal...  it is to stop eating sugar.  

the only way to go is cold turkey.  because like other addictive drugs, just one 'hit' can cause a relapse.  you might think you need one bite of a chocolate bar to get you through the day, but who are you kidding, are you really going to stop after one bite???   cold turkey!!!  not a drop or a lick or a bite for one week.

through this first week i strongly recommend avoiding all sugars, including fruit sugars.  date sugar, maple sugar, raw sugar, high fructose corn syrup, fructose, dextrose, maltose and lactose, as well as molasses and honey are all out. healthier sweeteners like agave nectar, maple syrup, brown rice syrup, barley malt and fruit juice sweetened items need to be significantly reduced. organic sugar, organic cane syrup and organic cane juice should go as well as they are not really much healthier and for the sugar addict - sugar is sugar.  if you really need a little sweetness, have an apple, have an orange, have a cup of berries or a cup of grapes.  
read your labels during this time!  you'd be surprised to find that sugar is in almost all commercial foods.  unless you are living a health conscious life-style and picking your food wisely already, sugar is in your catsup, morning cereal, spaghetti sauce, soup, salad dressing, peanut butter, pancake syrup, bread, yogurt, you name it and it probably has sugar in it.  there is probably even sugar in your salt.   check out this website to actually see for yourself -  http://www.sugarstacks.com/  you have to learn to read labels very carefully and make different choices when shopping to eliminate sugar from your diet.
once sugar has been eliminated from your diet, be prepared for what might happen while your body eliminates it.  also known as detox.  when removed from your diet you can expect to experience actual withrawal symptoms; tremors, flu like symptoms, headaches, and mood swings and cravings so intense you would damn near kill for a chocolate bar.  this is your body ridding itself of the 'junk' it's accumulated, don't fight it, don't give in, don`t give up.  trust the proccess and go with it.  while these symptoms may be un-comfortable at the time, know that when it's over, you are going to feel way better, have more energy and that you are setting yourself up for awesome fat loss.  
after you`ve been 100% sugar free for at least a week you can start re-introducing small servings of fruit and the healthy sugars back into your diet.  a guideline when reading labels: remember this one number - 9 grams.  your body can deal with 8-9 grams at one time so you do not want to exceed 9 grams in one serving (once you go up over that you are spiking your blood sugar levels, so putting yourself at risk for a host of health problems and beyond that, you will be storing fat).
it's not easy, and beyond my telling you to quit cold turkey, i cannot offer much more advice beyond this on how to quit other than just do it.   i can tell you that it will likely be the most positive thing that you will ever do for your health.  
 a few things to keep in mind:
you do not need sugar to have energy. 
you do not need sugar to function. 
you do not need sugar to feel good. 
you do not need sugar period!!! 
you will function better, you will have more energy, you will feel great and you will be able to burn fat like crazy without it! 
how many of my clients have lost 5, 6, 7 and 10 pounds in one week by cutting out sugar you might ask...  lots.   and this weight loss is not 'water weight', like when one cuts out salt - this fat loss is your body thanking you for the sugar-free love.    
you know what you`ve got to do - so go for it - cold turkey - give your body that sugar-free love!!!
ps- if there is anything that i can do to help you get off the white stuff, let me know, i`m always here and i am committed to your success!!!