starting stage 2
i have to admit that i put this off as long as i felt i possibly could without looking like a total procrastinator. i don't really understand why i felt so intimidated by moving onto stage 2. maybe it was because i really wanted to start working out in a gym setting and i couldn't get the gym membership like i wanted to this past week. so...i made the committment to jen that i would do the workout tonight after i put that other kid to bed. she even asked me what time he went to bed! gosh i couldn't even wessel out of it like that! so i pulled my book out (that i still haven't made the time to read all of, sorry karena!) and pulled up the tutorials that karena put up -- thanks karena! i got everything situated and ready to go and got started. and honestly, it wasn't nearly as bad as my head had it set up to be. i guess i made it out to be a lot worse than it really was. funny thing about it is that about 5 minutes after i got started that other kid came out into the living room and said, "gosh that looks hard...you are sweating already!" and i was. it obviously was hard, but in a good way. :) i kept my weights pretty consistent and since i am doing the workout at home i had to find a way to make the horizontal wood chop work. actually it wasn't too difficult since we have resistance bands. i found a columm and wrapped the band around it and pulled away! i'm going to need to find a way to add some weights too it since that seemed pretty easy. the one workout that i am not sure i will be able to continue with is the static lunge, rear foot elevated. i started it with the weights and did 1 and had to drop the weights. i did the 2 sets of 10 with only my body weight and it really hurt. i will try it again next time i do workout a but if it is still hurting i'm going to drop it. i don't need the pain.... i was surprised at how uncoordinated i felt during the dumbbell one-point row. i wasn't sure i was doing it right so i moved to the bedroom so i could watch myself in the mirror. my right leg wobbled and shook the whole time i was doing the set. my left leg felt a bit better but i still had to pause a couple of times. as for the plank and pushups, i am surprised at how fast my upper body has weakened since i ended the march core workouts. i was able to do the 2 sets of planks for 60 seconds but my arms were shaking! i did manage to do 2 sets of on the toe pushups but i didn't go down far enough....that will be my goal during this stage; to make my 20 pushups be "full on the toe" and "nose to the ground". as for the progress i made during stage 1...i successfully completed it which is better than i honestly thought i would do but i didn't lose weight (gained it instead, grrrrrr) and i only lost a few inches, so i won't be doing pictures yet. i still need to work on the diet and now that i am on medication i will hopefully start losing weight! i am biking (or at least trying to) every day so that will be my cardio for now. i love biking and it helps me get outside 30 minutes a day like the dr told me to do! thanks for letting me be a part of the #ironsisters!! i love the support i am getting and i love that i am lifting weights!