1 day detox- hollywood/red carpet diet!
hi there :)
i have been following a one day detox each week and using the hollywood diet regime without buying the cleansing drink. i make my own to save ££s.
about the hollywood diet
the hollywood diet originated -surprise -in hollywood!
it claims to be a 48 hour miracle diet, where you are allowed to
drink only a specially formulated juice. this juice will be the only thing that
you are permitted to consume for the next two days. it contains 100 percent of
the necessary vitamins and minerals you need in a regular diet.
in theory, you should lose between 5 and 10lbs in the 2 days
whilst on the diet, this will vary depending on your metabolism and starting
weight.
while on the diet you must refrain from drinking alcohol, caffeine
based drinks and smoking.
the original hollywood 48 hour miracle diet juice is a recipe for a 2-day liquid
fasting diet, which is a homemade version of "the hollywood diet".
if you follow it correctly, you can lose up to 10 pounds in 2 days.
you will be drinking only liquids for two days. it is recommended
that you do not repeat this diet more than once or twice per month.
my version
i detox for one day (not 2 like the hollywood diet) and drink the juice for breakfast and lunch and make a large soup for the evening. here is the hollywood diet drink recipe:
ingredients
juice of 4 oranges
juice of 2 lemons
2 tbls. manuka honey
1 banana, peeled and sliced
1 apple peeled and sliced
1 cup of grape juice (can be store bought) combine the ingredients and blend or stir thoroughly.
this will make enough concentrate to last you one day.
add 1 litre or 2 pints of distilled or spring water, and sip the
juice throughout the day.
if you get thirsty, you may drink only distilled or mineral water.
much of your weight loss will be due to the cleansing properties
of the juice. it is estimated one third of the weight lost will be from fat
and/or muscle, one third will be water loss, and one third will be fecal and
waste matter, which is beneficial as a clean system gives a sense of well being,
and allows for a better functioning bowel.
i believe whether you decide to make your own juice or buy the
original, the hollywood diet is a great way to jump start a weight loss program
or also to be used as a short detox cleansing diet like for myself.
my cleansing soup
1 teaspoon olive oil
2 cloves of garlic,
chopped2 tablespoons diced onion
1 inch of fresh ginger,
peeled and chopped4 cups fresh broccoli,
cut up1/2 pound of fresh spinach leaves
3 parsnips, peeled,
chopped2 ribs of celery, trimmed,
chopped handful of fresh parsley,
fresh water,
tiny pinch of sea salt and ground pepper,
to taste lemon or lime juice
instructions:using a large soup pot, heat the olive oil over medium heat and stir in the garlic, onion, and ginger to season the oil. add the broccoli, spinach, parsnips, celery and parsley, and stir a bit until the spinach wilts and collapses. add just enough water to cover the vegetables. remember the spinach will cook down quite a bit, so don't add too much water at first. you can always thin the soup later, if you need to.bring to a high simmer, cover the pot, and reduce the heat to a medium simmer. cook for fifteen minutes or so until the veggies are softened.use an immersion blender to puree the soup.
serve with no bread! :(
when to do the 1 day detox?
well the best time to do this is weekly when there is a change in the lunar cycle
one-day fasting has proven to be a great way to detox your body
and improve your immunity. the secret is to juice fast for 24 hours. only liquids foods
may be consumed; and only coinciding with the changes in the moon’s cycle.
you must begin the at a specific time when the moon
enters a new phase. within those 24 hours you are not allowed to consume any
solid food, but you should drink as much water as possible. you can also drink
juice but only freshly squeezed juice without sugar or additives. alcohol and
milk are strictly forbidden. between 3 and 4 litres (6-8 pints)
of liquids should be consumed in the 24 hour period.
within 24 hours you can lose up to 6 lbs if you follow it
correctly. there are no possible undesirable effects, if you
do begin to feel hungry have a large glass of vegetable juice.
the gravity of the moon influences not only oceans and rivers but
also body fluids. when the moon changes phases, during the first 24 hours this
influence has the greatest potential as it takes 24 hours for the magnetic field
of the earth to change. all this action makes your body let go of it's excess
fluids. if you let your body "breathe" for a day, you will lose all the
unnecessary water and toxins which are being accumulated in your body as a
result of an unhealthy diet, bad digestion and stress. this waste material also
makes you gain fat easier.
it's important to stress that by following this detox you don't
lose fat. you still need to be active and be careful about what you eat. but it
is a great way to detox your body and introduce a healthy lifestyle.
i'd recommend it as a good introduction to a diet because if you
notice a large improvement on the scale in just one day, it will boost your self
esteem a lot, which makes losing weight easier.
the main thing about this detox is not for weight loss, which is
only a pleasant side effect but to detox the body and make you feel light.
since the moon cycle changes once a week, if you practice this
diet every week, you can lose and maintain your pcos weight.
of course, you should stick to a balanced diet in between fasting
periods with plenty of protein....see my last blog!
next changes in the lunar cycle are 21st feb 2012, 1st march 2012, 8th, 15th and 22nd march.
give it a go for one day on one of the above dates, see how much you loose the first time?
i lost 3lbs my first time, now i ve been following it a while i loose 1lb but it is helping me maintain and keep to my ideal weight for my pcos.
you can do it!