im gonna die soon, fuck...
i think i am dying from the eating disorder. i really think i am dying of something. i just turned 28 and had an ed 16 years. 
im not at my lowest weight but have all of the physical symptoms. so bad. my arms cramp and hurt to type this and my vision is blurred. my chest hurts. my ass bones hurts, my knees hurt to touch off one another ,
my most recent relapse happened sooooooo fast. ....... so fast..... i have been hula hooping for hours and hours and running around eating nothing, taking lax etc ......
one day this week i literally ate half a chicken nugget. 40 calories?!!! 5 chicken nuggets is a serving, a serving counts towards one of three meals a day. i know tihs and yet ignore everything.
can i continue to defy the laws of nutrition/ i think not. my kidneys feel fucked up. i will try to get antibiotics tomorrow but seriously just think im gonna die soon...... yeah it will be so sad if i do.... cause i have been trying... i work as an esl teacher online and have friends and family..... am a relatively young woman.... i wanted to move to deutschland, germany!!!1 back to frankfurt to work and even settle down and buy an apartment. build a life.
i could end up back in the psych unit again and making a semi recovery. but i always relapse. so unfortunately i am in the statistics...... those awful statistics about eds that state some die due to the illness or because of suicide and dont get better...... yeah some do get better but i am now in the bracket of the people who are chronic, the people who never reach a recovery. 
i am so cold..... the pain in my bones is hard to describe, how to describe it/./???///// i want to scream and cry and rock in the fetal position ..... i want to be cuddled...... i want somebody to stroke my hair and say i will be ok .......
my knees are purple in under these pjs. thats apparently called reynauds disease a side effect of anorexia.
my shit is green. whatever i have eaten this week was pooped out straight away, green ........
im peeing all the time and it hurts my back and stomach and chest ....... i wonder is it ketoacidosis..... if it was i should be in icu at the moment but i am afraid to go to a and e because ive been in hospital a lot before and i am ashamed..... at some points i was fit to dial an ambulance but i cant do it ........ for the moment i am staying put, alone, in pain.
who knows maybe the gp will give me ensures tomorrow and they could really help...... if not ...... a few more days and i could just die........ this is so serious........this is so serious and i cant laugh it off anymore...