determination...
still have serious love for "filter - skinny" & "catatonia - bulimic beats" & "edith backlund - skinny"! listen to it beauts!
will begin this by telling you my total fail in life today (in a sort of funny way)…
well..
 in my lunch break i was oh-so organised and wrote down everything i planned to write in my blog… and i left it in the staff room…. total. fail… if anyone finds it? i’m screwed… hopefully the cleaner will see it and throw it away :-/ i’m still laughing at it… but sort of in a funny/nervous way…
anyway… the bad news…
put on another frigging 1lb today! but that’s entirely my fault tbh.
fasted the whole day on wednesday! so so soo proud of myself as that was my first ever (intentional) fast! didn’t cave at all! lived on green tea, black coffee, water and the flavour of my hot chocolate avon lip balm on my lips :- ) strange thing is, i expected to go to bed feeling hungry… only i felt full :-s odd…so that was a good day and i woke up yesterday being 161lb!! was so proud! ….. notice ‘was’….
after work, already shattered, had to go up to my auntie’s house, with mum, to thank her for my christmas presents (she got me a travel mug which i love, my banksy diary, and a mug with a cosy on it!! brilliant!) so when we arrived, she had just plated dinner, with leftovers (“lucky us” were my words exactly)… spaghetti and meatballs… with parmesan bloody cheese…
in the frigging sauce! so not good, although we walked home (like, 20 minutes walk?) i still put on another 1lb today :-/ my own fault, although i didn’t eat it all obviously, said i was stuffed from my lunch at work (99kcal cup-a-soup)…
but then of course, food being my weakness, i caved in an binged all night! what is wrong with me! i literally don’t have any self control… whatsoever! ate tons of ritz crackers, a chomp bar, and a bloody bowl of soup! as you can imagine my whole family must be over 16st hence the habit of continuos eating even when i’m not even hungry! which i wasn’t! i was bored! my whole family is huge. literally. all of them. as was i, and my sister, until she started slim fast.
but today, i have fasted all day because i am determined today. although walking to and from work (2ish miles) means i only burned roughly 250kcals so far today. restarting my gym membership tomorrow so that means at least 2 spinning classes a week, plus a steady run there and back = a total of 1000kcals burned per day at least… that’s not too bad… wish it was more tbh… will definitely be pushing myself to the extremes once i get my fitness back! 
reading some of your lovely comments, i’ve re-thank/thunk/thinked (what the hell is the right tense????) my theory… haha… maybe 're-examined' would be better?...
anyways. i know when i’m fasting that i cannot eat. and i wont. and i havent. ..
when i know i have a limit, i get home, and can’t help myself. 
hopefully when i get back to the gym i can spend more time there instead of being bored and home and ending the night in more shamless binging/purge sessions… 
(maybe there wasn’t a theory there at all tbh... haha! i think it was just a realisation….)
people at work are asking why i’m eating barely anything on my lunch break (they’re so f-cking nosey!!!) its so awkward… 
telling them i’m on a diet... (which i tried last year and they know it worked for me -bhf diet if you’re wondering)...so i find it to much effort to bring the meals into work with me…. they’re buying that… for now.
- unfortunately i wrote this out on that goddamn piece of paper!!! i am sooooooooo idiotic at times!!! :-p
i like that they worry... (and tell me i don’t need to loose weight- even though they’re lying because they don’t want fatty me to get skinnier than them)...but i wish they wouldn’t. they’re interfering! :-/
but there is a girl at work who is such an amazing friend. and really understands me! she knows a lot about my past etc, and she doesn’t judge at all. accidentally spilled a bit of this to her :-/ she saw me adding up calories on the calculator xd ahaha! she doesn’t know everything but she knows i’m determined to get to my goal weight by fasting and not eating and she said “well i’ll support you as long as you don’t get ill and start worrying me!”
she’s so amazing. but i trust her and i know it wont go further :- )
its payday tomorrow. so if i drop to 160lbs tonight (which i better had, considering last time i fasted i went from 165 to 161!) then i will buy all my new skinny size 6/8 clothes from work and put away until i fit them. i will hang up the jeans (size 6) in front of my bed so i see them every single morning and wake up motivated :- d i know i said i wouldn’t buy anything, but, c’mon! i work in a clothes shop for christ’s sake! what do you expect me to buy if i cant buy food? ahaha… but i get my discount, and got vouchers for christmas so its not going to be my big spree, just a bit of real life thinspirational for me to see day to day :-)
on tuesday hopefully my iphone will arrive, so i’ll be able to blog on the move and see all of your wonderful updates and comment more (which i wish i did, because i know i love receiving them and hearing your amazingly kind words!) i always think of things i want to tell you guys, during the day, but the moment i get home, its like, poof :-/
i cant wait for the day i step on the scales and it doesn’t move :-/ that would be such a goddamn impossible dream, but hey, a girl can dream right?!
also, once i get nearer and nearer to my ugw i will start posting ideas of my tattoo designs etc… and my new measurements, and pictures of before and after, etc :-)
not much more to update on though sorry guys! if you haven’t read my last post then, welcome!... but i will be staying at the boyf’s house over the next two days. i will log on before i go to update you on my weight for the morning and how anything else goes between 9am and 3pm :- ) also on my last post, i posted a thinpso picture of this girl holding a pencil by her side… and she was smaller than it.. that’s another goal for me, one day i will upload my very own version of that picture :-d 
finally, my replies to your comments!
- wheniamskinny,i’llbepretty: how did your trip go? hope you stayed strong, but everybody has off days girl :- ) you cheered me up so much! thank you! 
- stillimagining: i did have soup the next day, but found i didn’t want the food but was starving afterwards! may try fasting for 2 days next week… we’ll see… thank you girl!
- a friend of ana: i know! it’s crazy! 18inches is smaller than my bloody head! ahaha! but she was such a beautiful woman, i think it’s do-able! just need a hell of a lot of motivation! it’s a great website, 90% of them are so relatable! thanks for the comment! 
- tatyana: thank you again for your kind comments :-) i agree with you about the triggers :-/ i just need a bit more c control and being able to stop myself and say “no. i don’t need this” i felt sooo unbelievably guilty in bed last night, but the night before, i loved feeling so happy with my control! :-) at least you’ll be able to remember the feeling of you in those jeans, i took a photo in my old size 8 jeans.. urgh… not a good look. but i know i will fit them soon enough! we can both do it girly! :-)
hope you’re all keeping well, thank you again fro all of your amazing comments and lovely thoughts :-) stay strong and think thin :-)
food is a bitch, don’t let her win :-)
her legs are incredible!!!
i know i hate her, but daym! she had an incredible body.
( went a bit mad on the thinspo guys... soz :-p )
xxx