all or nothing
first of all, can anybody tell me how i can get notified of comments?
i always tend to have to go into my blog and check.
i just want one of those things like on myspace where it's like "new comments!"
ha, i'm lazy.
i decided that this whole 'losing weight slowly and healthily' thing was just a load of bs.
it was too slow, and i gave up and binged. it's all or nothing for me.
starting next monday, i will be fasting and restricting for summer.
shouldn't be hard at all, considering i won't have exams to worry about and i can be anywhere and do whatever i want :)
can't wait til freedom.
the only thing that sucks about the upcoming freedom is it has to be summer.
i hate summer.
i despise it.
here's a list why:
1. it's too hot to exercise, let alone move
2. i get all sweaty and look like a bloated tomato
3. i have to wear clothes that reveal my fat-ness.
4. i break down a lot because of my lack of decent-looking clothing options
5. clothes shopping is depressing, especially with...
6. bikinis!!!!!!!!
7. can't eat soups :(
8. having sex is exhausting and makes you all gross and sticky (and not for a good reason)
9. sleeping in the same bed as my boyfriend is hard because he is a human furnace
10. people don't hug as much :( i love hugs :(
11. i hate icypoles, so when i'm hot i have to resort to icky ice cream that melts everywhere and makes you stickier than summer sex
12. makes me crave ice cream more.
13. cbf sunscreening
14. ...and that leads to painful sunburn
15. you have to wear sunglasses and they slide off your nose and get annoying
17. my eye makeup (my trademark) sweats off
18. having to deal with questions about why i like to wear tshirts and boardies over my bathers (fat stomach and scars on my legs)
19. the beach! (bikinis + icky sand + salty water = pissed off katie)
20. people always want to go out for fish and chips, which usually leads to b/p
21. salads get boring after a while
22. did i mention looking like a bloated tomato?
23. can't do one of my favourite past-times, walking to frankston, because of the heat
24. too many bugs! (i have a phobia of all insects)
25. lack of sleep due to trying to kill all the aforementioned bugs
26. being woken up by a buzzing mosquito just as i'm about to fall asleep!
27. dresses. yuck.
28. have to show my fat arms.
29. buggggggggggsssssssssss
30. lack of motivation because of the stupid heat.
31. winter coldness burns more calories.
enough said?
even so, here are some upsides that will benefit me this summer:
1. too hot to heat fatty foods (aka chocolate, pasta, curries etc)
2. excuse to just eat salads, it's too hot for anything else!
3. cold water to boost metabolism
4. yummy low-calorie fruit.
5. boost fruit smoooothies when going out for lunch. once again, too hot for anything else.
chyeah. and that's about it as far as the good bits of summer goes.
so not looking forward to it.
note to self: this is not the time to be writing blogs, go study for your exams tomorrow!