how to cut calories in everyday baking
this isn't so much a recipe, but more a tip to apply with any recipe. queenie asked me if i had any low-calorie cake recipes, and while i don't, i do have experience testing to see what's the best balance between fat content and final product.
first of all, never cut all the fat from a cake! it's crucial to have some fat content to produce a proper texture. i'm going to fill you all in on my favourite ways to cut calories in cakes, and baking in general. keep at least an egg yolk or a little oil in there - i prefer to use a low-fat margarine, with fat-free milk, fat-free egg replacer, and low-calorie sweetener.
skim milk
this is an obvious one. just replace equal amounts full-fat milk with skim milk, and you'll cut calories.
low-fat margarine spreads
the lowest calorie one that i've been able to find is weight watcher's canola spread, which has 300 less calories per 125g than butter. i use this in my baking all the time, and have had no issues. i've tried using applesauce, but it tends to give cakes a gummy, unpleasant, chewy texture.
artificial/low calorie sweetener
again, an obvious one. cutting a cup of sugar in favor of splenda saves 700 calories!
vegan egg replacer
for some reason, i have much better results with this than with egg whites. i use orgran no egg. one teaspoon is equal to one egg, but only 9 calories. in a two-egg recipe, this cuts 130 calories.
diet soda
this is not a method i'd recommend, but it works in a pinch. get a box of cake mix (low-sugar is best, for lower calories) and mix it up with a can of diet soda. these tend to turn out with the same unpleasant texture as using applesauce, but not everyone minds.
cake flour
this doesn't cut calories, but it's just a handy tip. especially when you're cutting fat from a cake, cake flour will produce a more tender cake, as it has a different protein content. it's worth getting if you can find it, or you can find recipes for making your own (like self-raising flour).
i hope that these help you guys with your baking endeavors!
happy eating!
xxbella