the perfect duo from the body shop

for a while i have been lusting over two products from the body shop, then when i saw that they sold them together in a little set i was very close to buying it but in the end i didn't get it. then recently for my birthday, my best friend kindly gave it to me as a present which i was so happy to receive as she knew that i had been wanting it. so after a few weeks away from blogging, now i am back and i am going to be reviewing the body shop flawless finish collection.

this duo includes the all in one instablur primer and the all in one bb cream. these two products have been on my wish list for such a long time as i'd heard many good reviews about them. if you buy both of them separately it is ײ²ֲ£26, but in the set it is ײ²ֲ£20 which i think is quite a good deal! the packaging of both the products is very easy to use as it is a tube that you simply squeeze. 

i'll start with the bb cream, it reminds me slightly of the l'oreal bb creams as it squeezes out as a white consistency which contains pigment particles. so once you rub and blend it in the pigment particles burst and release the skin tone colour. it is very easy to blend and feels very lightweight on my skin. the coverage is fairly low which is what i would expect in a bb cream, but it does give the effect of blurring out my pores and blemishes. it also gives a really lovely dewy effect which is going to be so nice in summer (when the sun eventually comes out - typical english weather!) i will definitely be using this product when i want a really natural, fresh looking skin day! i am very pleased with this product and will definitely be repurchasing it when i run out!

i've heard lots of good things about the instablur primer, and it's fair to say that i have not been disappointed by it! it is quite a thick primer, so of you're not into that then i wouldn't recommend it. and it is also not very suitable for people with dry skin, as it has a matte finish. this means that it helps to keep my skin matte during the day and not oily, which is just what i have been looking for! the primer also acts like a great base for applying makeup onto as the bb cream blends really well on top of the primer. both the products work really well together, and i would recommend you buy the set if you like the sound of these two products. i am so happy that i received this for my birthday as it is works so well and i am very impressed with the formula of the products! thank you for reading!