peanut butter cup blondies
there was a beautiful breeze blowing through my kitchen window on sunday morning. everyone in my family was taking a nape, leaving the house was quiet, with the exception of the birds chirping outside, the trees blowing in the wind, and the sound of the an occasional card driving by on this dead end road. it felt so much like autumn i think i should've been baking apple pie instead of blondies!
these blondies are very moist, dense, soft but still chewy, with the wonderful taste of peanut butter and chocolate. i've used this blondie recipe before, and i stole the chocolate frosting recipe from my awesome friend "hollie". the difference? this time instead of nuts and chocolate chunks, put chopped reeses peanut butter cups in the batter. no, it's not original at all, but it's extremely tastey!
blondie1.jpg
i used a 12 oz. package of reeses minature peanut butter cups and chopped them however i liked. usually fours, thirds and in half.
blondie3.jpg
blondies (recipe found here, on smittenkitchen)
one 12 oz. package of reeses miniature peanut butter cups.
16 tablespoons butter (2 sticks) , melted
2 cup brown sugar (i used dark)
2 egg
2 teaspoon vanilla
2 pinch salt
2 cup all-purpose flour
unwrap peanut butter cups and chop into pieces of either fours, thirds, or halfs.
butter an 9x13 pan
mix melted butter with brown sugar - beat until smooth. beat in egg and then vanilla.
add salt, stir in flour. stir in chopped reeses.
pour and spread into pan. bake at 350°f 20-25 minutes, or until set in the middle. (mine cooked a little longer than this)
while baking, prepare frosting.
chocolate frosting:
2/3 cup unsweetened cocoa powder
6 tbls. boiling water
1 stick butter
3 cups powder sugar
1 tsp vanilla extract
add the cocoa powder and water in a medium bowl and stir into a soft mass. add butter and blend to combine, about 30 seconds. beat in powder sugar and vanilla on low speed until incorperated. beat on medium speed until forsting lightens and is fluffy, about 2 minutes.
let blondies cool the spread with forsting. warning: these won't last long!