done gardening! all that's left is the weeding and watering and cursing at small rodents.

i planted the rest of the seeds and plants i bought, moved pots, distributed earth, weeded, carried things down to the basement, and carried things up. now to sit back and relax... except for weeding. and spraying for rabbits and squirrels (the chipmunk does as he pleases). and watering.

we have a mysterious pond (well, more of a very wet spot) that has never completely gone away and gets deeper every time it rains. i kind of like it - looks very natural and there are dragonflies in it! my landlord is not so enthusiastic, but he doesn't have time to deal with it. anyways, i waded out into it and sprinkled mosquito bits to cut down on the mosquitoes. the mud is about ankle deep and the deepest part is maybe six inches. so it's more of a large puddle maybe.

i added more alyssum to the dahlia pots - they are all growing pretty well. the zinnias and aster seeds are coming up, the tomatoes not so much. i will just have to wait and see on those.

the lilies have a crown of buds! i think they are going to be orange or yellow. the gladiolas are 6-12 inches high and three or four freesia stalks came up.

i'm not sure the flower seeds i planted in my big pots will ever actually grow - i added some cosmos seeds. i also put in a pot of snapdragon plants and pulled a big chunk of what i thought was chives but upon closer inspection was grass.

the callas are definitely slower this year - last year at this time they were a foot or more high! they're just spears and a couple have not even come up yet. i left it too late to buy pansies, so i put in a lot of seeds and a few have sprouted. i put portulaca seeds in the one pot where nothing has come up yet.

i planted three calibrachoa plants in my new pot holders on the trellis, then two pots of peas and a lemon thyme plant. i also added some dying mint from sara. i planted two fuschias and moved out one extra pot. the anemones are large and fluffy but no blossoms yet.

the monet garden looks kind of messy. between all the daffodils sprawling around after finishing flowering and the sprouting birdseed and the ground elder i was never able to fully remove... but i organized my trellises (i'm waiting for two 9 foot ones to go in front of the window which are backordered to mid-june) and i noticed that morning glories are already popping up from last year. i weeded a lot, not that you can tell, and put morning glory seeds in the bird pots on the trellis as well as a little fertilizer, and extra nasturtiums in the bare spot at the front of the garden.

i ran out of dirt! luckily, sara was running errands and got me some more. i decided to put the four o'clocks and nasturtiums in pots - i just can't keep up with weeding the ground elder. i bought two nasturtiums, a climber and a peach melba, and put them in big pots at the back. everything else i just kind of shoved in here and there. i put the nasturtium seedlings in my window box with some fertilizer. the honeysuckle is still alive and there are a few sprouts of four o'clocks here and there but it's hard to tell. the amaryllis mostly seem to be alive, buried in the ground elder. i also put in a window box with bushy morning glories (blue ensign) outside my bedroom window.

sprayed everything with liquid fence and i am done!!