stephanie lost 52 pounds
20
august 13, 2019 by ajima jackson leave a comment
transformation of the day: stephanie lost 52 pounds. she learned how to fight emotional eating, stress eating, and binge eating. cutting out junk food, using at-home workout programs and going vegan has produced excellent results of this mom.
stephanie before and after
i started gaining weight after i had my oldest son. emotional eating, stress eating, and boredom eating were the main causes of my weight gain. i went from 165 pounds to 214 pounds.
in 2014, i was my heaviest at 214 pounds. for two years after that, my weight would yo-yo up and down. it took until 2016 for me to get it right. by working out at home, using portion control, and learning to eat right, i was able to lose the weight and keep it off. i have been able to lose a total of 52 pounds.
what was your motivation? what kept you going when you wanted to give up?
my motivation was my kids. when i wanted to give up, i thought about how important it was to keep my health up for them.
how did you change your eating habits?
the first thing i did was understand the reasons behind my weight gain, which were stress eating, boredom eating, and emotional eating. i cut out junk food, such as cookies, chips, and candy that i was binge eating with. i learned how to make better food choices and how to meal prep by using beachbody programs. lastly, i went from an unhealthy vegetarian to a vegan.
tell us about your workout routine.
i worked out at home 6 to 7 days a week using beachbody programs and became a beachbody coach. my very first program was p90x.
stephanie before and after
what is your height?
5’6″
how long did your transformation take?
i started my journey in 2014 and got serious in 2016. so far, it’s been a five-year transformation, and i’m still going.
what is the biggest lesson you’ve learned so far?
the biggest lesson i learned was to not binge out on junk when i got bored or stressed.
what advice would you share with people who want to lose weight?
the best advice i could give is for other people is to understand why you want or need to lose weight and make that your motivation.
instagram: @mrssexxystepp
stephanie before and after