yesterday i hung out with some old friends from the start of high school, and it just really got me thinking about how i don't know myself. i hang out with my 'current friends' and get blackout drunk every weekend, just the same old shit of pres and listening to music and then town. towards the end of the year i stopped going to pres at like 6pm and started joining at about 9pm so i can sit around with a group of people and drink enough alcohol in half an hour that will get me adequately wasted for the remainder of the night. then, coming to see my old friends, yesterday it was nice to get a pizza and just think about how weird and how long it's been, but my 'old friends' don't hang out without smoking. don't get me wrong, i currently am way more into the idea of weed all the time over alcohol, but i don't know why i can't just do things sober. like, i really have no idea what i'm going to do next year. at the moment, i'm in the mindset of 'i don't give a shit if me being sober means my social life goes down the drain because at least i'm doing good for my physical health and mental wellbeing', but the times in the past when i have tried to stop drinking, that clearly didn't work. it probably means that i just need to find new friends, but i really honestly don't care enough for that. i'm very close with my sisters and my mum, and i am okay with that. it probably makes me sound like a sad loser, but i really just cannot be bothered making the effort to form new friendships right now, or even make old ones better. i just don't really care about it. all that's on my mind currently is how next year, i can just be in full control of my life, my schedule, what i eat, everything. there's no pressure for me to do anything except for pay my rent. i don't think i'm going to make much of an effort next year to do stuff with friends because there's just no point. i'm moving to the states when i graduate anyways, so any lasting friendships i don't believe are gonna come from the next two years. we'll see.