but to anyone who is truly pro anorexia, and not just on here because they are lonely in their ed's, please read this.
first off, let me say what i'm sure you have heard a million times but are to "determined" to actually accept; having anorexia will not make you happy. you will be just as unhappy as a bulimic or a binge eater or anyone else who has used food as a way to cope with the shit that has happened to them. im not going to use flowery language to describe this, because eating disorders are ugly and horrible to endure. for the few girls on here saying "oh but i just want to lose weight so bad, i just want to be skinny" i'm sorry, but get the fuck over yourself. if you are not already too sick to fight, fucking fight! don't just lie down and let your 'disordered thoughts' send you to the slaughter house. i am pretty sure the vast majority of people on here are not anorexic, but do suffer from some sort of eating disorder, and there is this very palpable vibe that anorexia is the 'coveted disease'. it suck just as much as any disease. it is horrible and scary and lonely and you will never be happy with yourself. i felt just as bad about myself at 5'9 100 lbs as i did at 130. i just needed to say this, as someone who has now been struggling for just over a year with a diagnosed anorexia, it is hell, hell, hell. do not talk yourself into some sugary fantasy about beautiful bones and feeling delicate and beautiful. it will never ever ever ever happen. not because you wont be a bag of  "lovely, beautiful, graceful, perfect", bones. you will be, but you wont see it. you will see the same selfish, ugly, loud, evil, girl staring back in the mirror no matter how many pounds you starve away, and even if you recognize you are thin, you will come to the should-be obvious conclusion that, surprise, it doesn't change anything. so if you think there is a chance you dont really have an ed and are just on here because you think it sounds like a good way to fit into those true religions and get some attention, pull your head out of the clouds and fight. you are worth it, but after the meat grinder experience of battling an eating disorder, that will be harder to recognize. and if you think you wont want to fight, you're wrong. you will, when you feel your body start to crumble and decay, you will wish you could be the strong, healthy, beautiful person you decided to destroy. but by the time you actually want to fight for your life (because your great little eating disorder will fucking kill you) you won't be able to see two feet in front of you, you won't be able to make the decision to recover, not easily, not with out unimaginable pain. you will waste years of your life for no reason. please, if you can, turn back now. i am so sick of girls just rolling over and giving into negative thoughts and allowing them to metastasize into anorexia and bulimia and binge eating disorder and every-other manner of hell we practice upon ourselves. it is not worth it. i promise.