From the Mouths of Misanthropical Beauties
The maverick and the matchstick:
A lover's quarrel.


He took the strands of hair that the girl had wrenched out of her skull,
Collected each beautiful petal,
each complete with a yellow center,
And turned them into a bouquet, to which he presented to her.
The girl with the tumultuous wildflower hair cried out,
tears in three places;
the most important, in the center.
But she is an archfiend, or an angel.
Persephone under the ground with Hades,
gasping for air.
She is a Siren,
yearning for love, but collecting cadavers with every whisper.
And as she looked up at him,
nose so close to nose,
mouth so close to mouth,
She knew she'd steal his heart,
and create a symphony that neither of them could ever touch.
Frangible, not tangible.


Somewhere in the world, Dali has melted all the clocks.
Billie Holiday is looking in all the old familiar places,
Neruda listens to the immense night, still more immense without her.
Somewhere, Rilke is frozen in solitude.
Dante - touring the floors of Hell, constantly nostalgic for a long lost Beatrice,
All the while, the clocks are striking 13,
But never is an awfully long time.

“I looked up at the mass of signs and stars in the night sky and laid myself open for the first time to the benign indifference of the world.” 


"Write about what you know."

I know that there are there are 365 and 1/4 days in the year,
And yet, there will not be enough time to escape death.

I know that every day, I observe the world, storing bits and pieces in my pocket,
And when I unravel them, like a map, at the end of each day, I inhale the cynical and petulant truth. And, for a few hours, I live there, and make snow angels in the contemptuous snowflakes, which smell ironically like cinnamon.

Yet, I know that I am the girl with the wide eyed baby blues, and tiny hands, who stands at every street corner, every moment, and whispers "more." Who has a bright smile and even walks insecurely. Who spends her days looking down and her nights looking up. Who collects her favorite moments and sayings in a tiny journal stored in a corner of the hippocampus, just to recite later in an awkward conversation.

I know that if I stretched the world out, there would never be enough stars to wish on.

Yet, if I shrunk the entire sky, folded it delicately into a paper lantern, and presented it to every love I've ever had or hoped to have, some would still walk away.

I know that some nights, when I look into the eyes of whom with I share my bed, I am completely content. Serenity is in competition with the lightyear. And some nights, I want to run out the door, screaming "L'habit ne fait pas le moine" into the streets.

But is it enough to write about what I know? Write what you don't know. It is equally as beautiful.

I don't know what success tastes like, but if I had to guess, I'd say like sweet honey in tea, on the porch at sunset, just when the crickets start to sing their song, after a long day that left your back broken.

I don't know what it looks like, feels like - to perform a sun salutation on the volcanoes of Bali. Perhaps like true tranquility, laced with sticky air and sounds of a bumbling city below. 

I don't know what your mouth would feel like on mine, although I would guess like free falling into a a field made of cloud, soft cotton, and every word one ever hopes to have whispered in their ear in a lifetime. Adrenaline and candied bliss.





“Toska - noun /ˈtō-skə/ - Russian word roughly translated as sadness, melancholia, lugubriousness.

"No single word in English renders all the shades of toska. At its deepest and most painful, it is a sensation of great spiritual anguish, often without any specific cause. At less morbid levels it is a dull ache of the soul, a longing with nothing to long for, a sick pining, a vague restlessness, mental throes, yearning. In particular cases it may be the desire for somebody of something specific, nostalgia, love-sickness. At the lowest level it grades into ennui, boredom.”
― Vladimir Nabokov