I'm Back from Washington (D.C.)!
I have been back for a week now, but that doesn't matter...
What did I do? Lots of things... we had a whole family reunion (where we ate at a Japanese restaurant where they cooked the food in front of us... I got scallops and beef), a camping trip (next to the Shenandoah River- we played and ate yummy food and slept in tents), and I was productive.
The first item of productivity (it is not in order of when they were finished):
This is "El Gato Meow",  or "The Meow Cat" (still looking for actual names, please comment!). She's and idea I've had for a long long time (like since the second term when we were designing softies), except the idea was originally orange and brown. But... blue and black is BETTER!!
I actually brainstormed a whole bunch of other colors on this cool sheet of paper, maybe I'll put it in the next post if I remember. More pictures:
 Okay, so moving on to more products of productivity (hehe- I still like productiveness better, grandpa!):
Okay, so I know that I said I wasn't putting this stuff in order, but here is the first drawing that I did one day in my free time.
Let me just say that it did not turn out as well as I wanted it (Babushka thought that the person on the right was a man... and just in case you're thinking that too, she's a woman. Definitely a woman). I did it completely out of pastels (except for the basic outline). Here is my reference picture:
I got it off Google. I don't know what the "Indian" thing is.
Yes, I did imagine these people to have an Indian look (will explain), but anyways.
Okay, my explanation: I'm entering this competition called the "Inky Awards Audience Prize". Basically, these people created these book awards called the Inky Awards. They are judged by teenagers. Then, a list of 20 books is put up so that you know they are good.
Anyways, so the audience prize is basically just a thing where you create something (like a video, drawing, anything) and you get the chance to win 20 books. This is one of my entries.
Another entry is...
This is a girl I drew from a book named Drama. It was a graphic novel, and I always thought that it would be cool to see what the character would look like in real life. So, since I don't have Photoshop and don't know anyone with purple hair (and don't want to violate copyright...), I decided to draw her. She didn't turn out half- bad. I hope I have a shot at those 20 books.
here is the reference picture:
I had to change her a bit because the girl in the book has wavy hair and, obviously, she has purple hair.
And no, Mom, this girl looks nothing like Babushka.
Anyways, one more drawing:
This one freaks my friend out. I personally love it and think it's one of the best I've done (but of course Miss Kitty is better). Most of the face is done in colored pencil, some of the shading is done by a really dark lead pencil, and the complete black is done by pastel. Okay, I can't help it. Here are my fingers after I did this:
Even after I washed them they were still grey for a few hours. Anyways, my friend wanted to see it, so here is my reference picture:
Yes, mine is different. The eyes are green (it's a book thing), and in the original you can't see the left eye. Again, it's a book thing, but I assume you want to hear it: the eyes are "mothership green". They glow in my eyes. technically that doesn't happen in the book, but I really don't care.
Anyways, before I leave you, here is a school project. This is a Golador. The word comes from "gato" (cat) "volador" (flying). Yes, I basically called it "Flying Cat". I didn't have much choice: I considered "Fat", "Birat"(try saying it out loud), "Cird"(try saying that too), and Volato (which just reminded me of ice cream and volcanoes- VOLCREAM!!).
I based the wings on the Harpy Eagle (a bird from South America) and a type of cat called Margay. I used these pictures:
 I picked the Margay as my cat body because it was the (from what I could see) smallest South American cat I could find.
 This wing really helped me to see how to fold it over...
And this one helped in terms of striping and stuff.
Onto the Random Picture...
(kitten) "Pwease owner... PWEASE..."
(Owner) "No."
(2 hours later)
(sorry, just had to put that at the end)