Everyone Has A Dark Place

"Everyone has a dark place. I barely know a soul who hasn’t been in therapy or at least should have been. Normally when people hit  things with their scooters, there are skid marks on the pavement. A brick wall is a good reason to use the brakes, turn the wheel. But you didn’t do that did you? You went straight in."
Silence. Continuing, "It says here that the attendant told the police you were upset before you got on the scooter. The insurance company is going to check the engine, brakes, but I’d prefer to just ask you."
Silence.
Silence.
Then, "I've been told how we think can actually change the chemistry of our brains. I keep thinking that if I just smile and pretend it’ll all change. You know, be positive. Try and change my chemistry with my thoughts. Destroy it before it destroys you."
"When you resist me like this I think it’s indicative of a deeper problem. Are you angry with me?"

She forces a fake smile. "The problem with a crazy person is they tend to stay crazy."
"You're not crazy."
"He was the first person I felt pretty around.  I lost him because I was sad and he didn’t want to stay inside a sad person. He tried to give me so much and I sent him away. I wanted to give him a daughter."
Up now he takes her by the shoulders and looks into her eyes repeating, "You're not crazy. Depression is a real illness. It’s just as real as cancer, but it’s not in your blood. It’s in your brain."
"I know I’m sick, but the woman who did this lives in a pill bottle. She’s not me. I hope you know that. But I let her out-- I let her onto my scooter. If I could change that-- I would. I would do anything. If I could change places with that scooter. I would give my life if there was someone who could make him have stayed."
"It is hard, but the hopelessness you feel is a symptom. It’s like a fever when you have the flu. But, it goes away."
"I don’t understand how this could happen. How can a drug do this to someone? You see the commercials on TV-- people are getting better."
He takes this in releasing her shoulders saying, "Sit back down... you're not crazy. The dosage had to be too strong. We'll fix that."
"They don’t even know how half of these things work. It’s just a big chemistry experiment in sad people’s brains. People need to know what can happen... that this can happen. No! I don't want that... crap. There’s like a poisonous fog bank rolling in on my mind on that stuff. I’m paralyzed. My motivation in taking them was to get over my depression and have a life with my man. That’s my answer. This is the drug's answer. I've ran him away! We go to doctors with our sadness and our faith in the hope they will guide us toward health-- but  instead I have gone down a path toward a misery I never could have imagined. And I have taken my loved one with me. My only hope is that no one else follows me to this place."
"To be guilty you need to have not just been guilty of the act-- but in your mind as well. If you can’t remember doing it, then you can’t even begin to know why you did it."
"Right, so I want off this crap... now." 
"You’re the victim of circumstances and chemistry. You've blamed myself. The cardiologist can see it coming, the heart attack-- it’s in the blood-- but who can see the sadness? And I know I should have hope, but hope is just people waiting for the bus.  But, I know that’s a trick the disease plays. You told me that hopelessness is just a symptom. I have been studying up on depression and most of the time it goes away in 6-18 months. Less with treatment. That gave me hope... now this."
"You seem so sad. I know what it’s like for your life to change out from underneath you. I guess the
difference is you didn’t do anything wrong, you did. Take me off this stuff. I want to go home."
"You can't just now, just yet that is. You, ah, just tried to... kill yourself."
"You, your pills tried to kill me you mean. Look, I'll stay until this stuff is out of my system. I don't want anything while I'm here. Do I make myself clear? I'll deal with this. I always have. I was better off... real."