Babysitting 101: The Pre-Babysitting Meeting
babysitting
Hey, lovely! So as you know, my blog is dedicated to teenage girls, like myself, and all the things we enjoy :). Well, do you know what a lot of us enjoy? Making money, ha! However, us being teenage girls, it can be really hard to get a “real job” if you aren’t old enough. So what do we do? Babysit. So I have decided to start a brand new series called Babysitting 101. I already have a couple post roughly laid out and I am soooo excited!! Enjoy!

I have had tons and tons of experience with babysitting, including my St. John’s babysitting course. One of the jobs I had for a year and a half was 8 kids (under 5) for an hour three times a week, yep, you heard me right! I used to work at a ladies gym and I would babysit for the moms while they were in a workout class, and man, they were a handful. That is just the beginning of my babysitting experiences, and I got a lot more! So I thought this would be a really helpful series for you guys and I hope you enjoy!
HUGE ANNOUNCEMENT: OMG!!! You won’t believe it! I just launched my FREE 6 Days To Being The Best Babysitter On The Block Email Course! It goes through everything and anything you NEED to know about babysitting with tons of tips & tricks, not to mention 2 FREEBIES!!! Sign up here!

Pre-Babysitting Meeting
Okay, so this first post is all about preparing to babysit, and what you want to prepare/get ready before you are taking care of those kids. The babysitting course I took recommended having a pre-babysitting meeting with the parents. If you have never met the kids before, I suggest having the meeting/interview beforehand. You could have this meeting before the parents leave, or a couple days before, up to you. Anyway, the main idea of the meetings is so you can introduce yourself to the kids and parents, go over any specific instructions, allergies, bedtimes, mealtimes, expectations, etc. This will only take about 20 minutes, and it’s a great idea if you are babysitting for a family for the first time. This also gives the kids a chance to warm up to you, making the actual babysitting much easier, and lets the parents meet you if they haven’t already.
In this meeting, you want to…

Meet and get the know the kids. Try to remember names and ages if possible.
Find out if any of the kids have special needs or allergies.
Discuss house rules/ground rules.
Get a tour so you are familiar with the house.
Inquire about bedtimes.
Talk about meal times and if you will be feeding the children when you babysit.
Talk about any other information you should know about the kids.

Babysitting Fill-Out Emergency Sheet
Now, something you are going to want to bring to the meeting is a fill-out sheet. This will include kids names, allergies, parent’s phone numbers, the address of the place you are babysitting, emergency numbers etc. Now, don’t worry your pretty little brain, to make things easy for you, I have made you guys a FREE Babysitters Checklist!
To Get Your FREE Babysitters Checklist, all you have to do is subscribe to my mailing list and it will arrive straight to your inbox! Just click the image 😀

Once you have your checklist, you can take that to the meeting or with you every time you babysit. You can kindly ask the parents to fill it out before they leave and you are golden! I promise it will make your life sooooo much easier. It can also be really helpful to remember all the information the parents told you before they leave, and it allows the parents to give you special instructions. It would also be a complete lifesaver in emergency situations so I highly, highly, recommend you bring it with you every time you babysit.

Now, you guys are also going to want to take a Babysitting Kit with you, which includes games for the kids, personal items, first aid kit, etc. I will cover all of that in detail in the next Babysitting 101 post! Stay tuned for next week where I cover how to make your very own DIY Babysitters Kit with all the essentials you need to babysit smoothly! You’ll be the best babysitter on the block! I hope you guys enjoyed this first post and are excited for the rest in this series! I am working on HUGE changes to the blog, that is why this post was a little light (I may or may not be changing programs completely!), so stayed tuned for the Babysitting 101 series AND the new changes!
