January 2017 Favourites!
Helloooo! 
January was a very full on month for me! But that didn't stop me from finding some favourites! Okay, These aren't all physical objects but I've been on a sorta spending ban! And I've been binging a lot! One thing I enjoyed the most about January was I spent a lot of time with friends! And when you're a stay at home mum it's important you get out of the house and have fun! So last month was definitely the month of fun and making memories!
Anyway, Here's my favourites!
My Pink Lavender Kikki K!
About two months ago I bought a personal sized pink lavender kikki k, because I loved how beautiful it looked! Then I discovered it was too small, SO I purchased a Happy Planner and it was easily one of the best decisions I've ever made! After I bought it I just dived into the planner world, And accumulated plenty of washi tape and stickers! Youtube "plan with me" videos filled my subscription feed! Then Kikki k threw a Three for the price of two sale, And a lovely lady on a planner page was selling her third Large Pink lavender planner for a very reasonable price! Naturally, I wrote "sold". Then I got thinking "Maybe I could have the best of both worlds and merge my Happy planner with my Kikki k?" I did a quick youtube search and sure enough I wasn't the only planner with this amazing idea! So I cut the existing holes from my HP (happy planner), Punched new ones and put them into my kikki k! Tada! My very own, very cute Frankenplanner!
Lemme Know if you want a separate post all about my gorgeous planner!
My Next two faves are part of the skincare family, Last November I decided that I needed to slow down when it came to skincare! Skincare brands just kept reaching out to me asking for product reviews And I had to stop accepting them because my skin was going through too much! So I went on the hunt for a new skincare regime! I swapped out ALL my products and found one's that truly work for me! I'm not going to get all into it, I plan on making a separate post about the products! But I am going to feature the Hydraluron Moisture jelly* and the Neutrogena Hydro Boost eye roller!
I've owned the Hydro boost roller for a while now but never really reached for it! But this heat is playing with my skin and making my under eyes really dry! I haven't noticed a change in my "bags" while using it but it has a cooling roller and feels amazing, It's really been adding some moisture! As for the Moisture jelly, this ones a newbie! I've seen this one insta for a while now and always wanted to try it! I'll be honest guys (like always) it appeared on my doorstep thanks to a PR company and i'll admit I squealed just a little! My favourite thing about this product is the pump! It's located at the top of the jar and basically you push down on it and it kind of like pops of the top! It's so hard to explain but im obsessed with it! I've been using this both morning and night, and i'm very happy with the results! It's a very nice light weight moisturiser!
Digital faves:
Through out December and January I was Hooked on one show, And that was Shameless US! Everyone kept telling me to watch it but the description on Netflix wasn't making me feel anything! But on one boring day I thought "why not?" And haven't looked back since! This show isn't for the easily offended! Its about a family living in the "south side" of Chicago, The dads an Alcoholic/drug addict, Their mother keeps coming in and out of their lives and the eldest dropped out of school to care for her five younger siblings! I would go into detail about the whole family but there is just so much to say! And I don't wan't to spoil any of the Seven seasons! I've finished them all but may re watch a few since they are starting to film season eight in May! Lets Just say there's a whole lot of drinking, sex and family fights!
A you tube channel I've been loving is Mr.Kate! Kate is creative weirdo who loves good DIY and Interior design! Kate and her Husband Joey have a couple of series on the channel including "OMG we bought a house" in Each episode they redecorate a room in their house! A series I've been loving is "OMG we're coming over" In this series they go over to famous you tubers, or digital Influencers homes and renovate a room or two! Each episode is roughly 40 mins long and I always get excited when they upload! I'm also loving Kate's Vlogs and DIY vids!
Oh by the way; They're are soooo close to the big One MILLION! And when they reach it they will be giving away a Room Transformation worth $10,000!
Okay Guy's I have soooo many more favourites but I think this post is already a little long! So i'll pop them in next favourites!
What did you enjoy in January? Are any of these your favourites? x