Most bodybuilders are always looking for ways to keep building muscles. While following a strict diet and training program is highly recommended as a bodybuilder, this might not be enough to help you achieve your goals. This is where muscle building supplements come in and it is essential that you know which the best ones are for you. Here’s a look at my top four recommended supplements for building muscle.
PROTEIN SUPPLEMENTS
Protein comprises of a combination of various amino acids that are very essential for muscle building. I’ve found the Best BCAA supplements to be from BPI Sports. As you probably know already, amino acids are building blocks for the muscles. If your body doesn’t get ample protein, it won’t grow and this will lead to muscle atrophy. Amino acids come in two forms, i.e. essential and the non- essential ones and it is essential that you take protein supplements and supply your body with these supplements. While nearly all types of foods tend to contain proteins, protein supplements are sourced from four types of foods: casein, whey, egg and soy. Protein supplements will help you top up your protein intake and ensure that your protein consumption is adequate.
CREATINE
If you are a strength and power athlete, it is recommended that you consider taking creatine supplements. Taking these supplements helps in increasing total intramuscular Creatine, skeletal muscle mass, phosphocreatine, muscle fibre size, reduce body fat, lean body mass, which are all very crucial for muscle building. Creatine monohydrate is highly recommended among bodybuilders and the good thing is that it is safe completely and doesn’t come with undesirable side effects. You can also consider using Creatine Ethyl Ester as well and even though it is a little expensive, you can be sure that it will do your body a lot of good.
MULTIVITAMINS
Together with minerals, vitamins play a very essential role and a deficiency may result in severe conditions and diseases. As a bodybuilder, this can have undesirable effects on your muscle building efforts and it is essential that you look for supplements that contain these nutrients. While most bodybuilders usually mistake multivitamins for magic pills, such multivitamins shouldn’t be a replacement for a healthy diet. Just because you are taking a multivitamin doesn’t mean that you take a garbage diet. If you’re looking for a good fat burner, you could look to buy ephedrine pills but they are powerful so make sure to learn about them before taking. The good thing is that you have plenty of choices when it comes to multivitamins and you will certainly be able to get what you want for your muscles.
ANTIOXIDANTS
These are compounds, which absorb the free radicals in your body. These free radicals comprise of compounds, which have an unpaired electron in them and are very unstable. The un-repaired electron means that they have a high reactivity and this can have counter effects on your bodybuilding endeavours. The most important antioxidants for muscle building include polyphenols, vitamin C and E and Carotenoids, which are all very essential for muscle building.
Taking these four supplements will help you build muscles successfully and it is essential that you also avoid bad supplements like steroids and growth hormones, which are certainly not good for your health. I hope this article helps you in one way or another and thanks for reading.