Had a major brain fart this evening involving the police and NHS 24, Linda my wife was accosted by a bully who had been intimidating out daughter over the past few weeks outside the house, she called me in a distressed manner urging me to call the police. As Linda was at the local shop I immediately grabbed my cardigan and went out to see what was going on.
Linda we adamant that she wasn't going to tell me what had taken place util we were in the house, however I spied the cunt responsible who started to laugh and laugh at us. Whilst Linda was trying to get me into the house, the bastard made a direct threat "I'm going to kill you Mr Wallace" At this point I totally lost and tried to get to him, Linda got in the road and physically pushed me into the house. At that moment I cracked, my thoughts were he was dead, I was going to kill him whilst Linda was basically sitting on me, preventing my leaving the house.
I went to pieces, the counselling and psychology are telling me one thing but my human nature was telling me another, I was so confused that Linda contacted NHS 24 and the police. The incident took me back many years ago when I had ti deal with a similar wanker and let him walk away, this time this cnut was going to be so lucky.
Long story short the police arrived took my statement but had to leave bits out with respect to my feelings. I made NO bones about killing this cunt. Saw a doctor and given 20mg diazepan and have a CPN on standyby in case needed.
I felt I was doing so well in the psychology but, now feel a major setback, despite the police and the Dr saying handled the situation well, I'm finding it hard to reconcile my feelings to cause physical damage to this individual with normality, as to me the normal thing would be to leave him either dead or crippled. Trying you hardest to overcome the MH problems can cause more confusion than it's worth. The doc gave me 20mg diazepan to calm me down, but, I feel I've let myself adn the others involved in my treatment down. despite their saying I should be proud that I only had the thoughts and never carried them through. They forget that it was Linda who prevented me going for the cnut.
Very confused at the moment.