Emotional Eating……….

I am a very emotional person AND an emotional eater.
Well that explains the 30 lbs I need to loose!  You know even JUST 25 would also be OK by me…..

This weekend after my race I came home to some really sad news.
My brother in law who was treated for stage 1 lung cancer last year had a bad routine follow up scan this week.
Apparently there is some stage 4 cancer in one of his ribs.
I am beyond sad.

My sister met her husband probably when I was about 10 or 11. 
They married a couple years later, so he has been a part of my life for a very long time. 
I love him as a brother. 
I was mad, sad……just in a funk after I found out as he has been the rock of our family during many hard times over the years. 

I had been eating very well last week and though I know better than to get on the scale every day, I knew I was down 3 lbs before Saturday. 
NOW I will say, after that race I found the free Cold Stone Ice cream and totally enjoyed it….that emotion was pure joy of finishing the race strong.

The rest of the weekend I didn’t feel like eating so I kind of ate junky…..not a ton, just didn’t juice and ate processed crap….yeah, its crap, my body doesn’t need it.
My husband is wonderful, yesterday he saw the funk I was in and said “Let’s go out and use that gift card so you don’t have to cook dinner”.
We went to Nava, his favorite place.
They put out these blue corn bread rolls which are HEAVEN and yeah, I ate way too many of those. 
Felt good going in though – which see that is my problem.

Got on the scale this morning and “only” down 1/2 pound.
I will say so far today has been good, but when making our meatloaf tonight, I started shoving in saltines…..
I know, could be worse, but again, I don’t want processed white stuff……  SIGH.

I need to pull it together.
The GOOD news is despite the saltines otherwise today has been great…..
juice for breakfast – Apple, Pear, Strawberry, Blueberry, Kale, Spinach and Coconut Water – I love how I just can use up the fruit I need to like the berries this morning.
 Man I love that mix, SO good.  I ate some carrots for snack at preschool and then on the way home I stopped at Dunkin Donuts for Coffee – cream no sugar…I was hungry so I got an egg and cheese wrap for 99c along with an unsweet Iced Coffee…..hey the wrap is better than eating a donut, even though its American “cheese”.
 Juiced up later with my favorite veggie drink “Green Lemonade” – Cucumber, Celery, Apple, Spinach, Kale and Lemon.  Talk about fresh – its super good. I am making Meatloaf for dinner with veggies and salad…so for the day I am happy.

Please pray for my brother in law if you are a prayerful person. 
He went to the radiologist today for course of action. 
Also include my sister and her adult kids. 
I really hate they are going through this.

Thanks….and for me any advice on how to get through emotional eating is always welcome!