Stephanie lost 52 pounds
20
AUGUST 13, 2019 BY AJIMA JACKSON LEAVE A COMMENT
Transformation of the Day: Stephanie lost 52 pounds. She learned how to fight emotional eating, stress eating, and binge eating. Cutting out junk food, using at-home workout programs and going vegan has produced excellent results of this mom.
Stephanie before and after
I started gaining weight after I had my oldest son. Emotional eating, stress eating, and boredom eating were the main causes of my weight gain. I went from 165 pounds to 214 pounds.
In 2014, I was my heaviest at 214 pounds. For two years after that, my weight would yo-yo up and down. It took until 2016 for me to get it right. By working out at home, using portion control, and learning to eat right, I was able to lose the weight and keep it off. I have been able to lose a total of 52 pounds.
What was your motivation? What kept you going when you wanted to give up?
My motivation was my kids. When I wanted to give up, I thought about how important it was to keep my health up for them.
How did you change your eating habits?
The first thing I did was understand the reasons behind my weight gain, which were stress eating, boredom eating, and emotional eating. I cut out junk food, such as cookies, chips, and candy that I was binge eating with. I learned how to make better food choices and how to meal prep by using Beachbody programs. Lastly, I went from an unhealthy vegetarian to a vegan.
Tell us about your workout routine.
I worked out at home 6 to 7 days a week using Beachbody programs and became a Beachbody coach. My very first program was P90X.
Stephanie before and after
What is your height?
5’6″
How long did your transformation take?
I started my journey in 2014 and got serious in 2016. So far, it’s been a five-year transformation, and I’m still going.
What is the biggest lesson you’ve learned so far?
The biggest lesson I learned was to not binge out on junk when I got bored or stressed.
What advice would you share with people who want to lose weight?
The best advice I could give is for other people is to understand WHY you want or need to lose weight and make that your motivation.
Instagram: @MRSSEXXYSTEPP
Stephanie before and after