Reaching Out VS Isolating
Was in the Navy from 2006-2010. Everything seemed to be alright until I found myself living in my car. My family told me I needed help and kicked me out of the house, my boyfriend dumped me, had a melt down at school and wound up living in my car and drinking excessively.
Flash forward: I left the West Los Angeles Veterans Affairs live in mental health rehabilitation hospital about one year and a half ago. I was there for one years time. I met some cool people while I was there. I was hoping we could be friends and could keep in touch after leaving and I got my wish. I have a very close friend that I can talk to about anxiety, depression, the suicidal thoughts that come and go, power tools, the medications we are taking, tinnitus and researching PTSD, circadian rhythm scarring, obsessing about anything and everything, our OCD rituals, the latest books we are reading about addiction and recovery etc.
It feels great to talk openly and honestly without being preached to, or judged unfairly coming from someone who truly doesn’t understand PTSD.
I’m having a hard time sleeping tonight, but I’m also feeling grateful and wanted to post about it. It doesn’t come naturally to reach out and ask for help, or catch and acknowledge that I am feeling something and to admit to myself that I’m not feeling good. But here I am, doing it and always hoping that my friendships don’t end, that my fears are unfounded and that it’s ok to feel uncomfortable and still walk through it and arrive at the other side.
Isolating is second nature to me; reaching out is not. Trying to be an island isn’t natural or healthy and not an honorable pursuit. Reaching out is being vulnerable, but it takes an act of courage to do so, and it is only for the brave. Reframing what it is to ask for help in my mind, has been critical to my staying healthy and alive. I don’t want to try and do everything on my own anymore. It’s a lonely road that is void of any real lasting joy.
I choose connection.