First time for everything...
well, this Saturday just gone was a first for me. I went out, all by myself. Usually if friends bail on me last minute, or I can't organise anyone to come along I will just not go either... but I just must've gotten to the point where I am done with that, sick of missing out on things I want to do etc so I thought to hell with it and went solo. My theory is, anyone who would judge me for being somewhere alone isn't worth knowing anyway. The great thing was, I didn't have to organise way in advance just to get a friend to come along, I didn't have to leave early because they weren't having as good a time as me, and I got to meet lots of lovely new people. Thankfully I did know some other people who were there so I guess technically I wasn't by myself as I had the shelter of their friendship should the awkwardness get to me - but they all had their own things going on and I kind of floated around checking in with them occasionally.

 I ended up meeting lots of new people (even some who live near me, shocker!) and they were all so nice that it really made my night. Sure, alcohol helped ease me into things much smoother than if I had stayed sober but I think I would've gotten there eventually - it just sped up the relaxing process. Overall, only having to look out for numero uno made it into a much easier night out... and everyone I met has some interest in the same things as me which makes for a change considering I generally have to drag along one of my friends who although don't dislike the music etc I like, definitely doesn't enjoy it to the extent that I do. 
Where did I go, all on my lonesome you ask? Apologies... I have serious Monday brain. I was at the Second Annual Dia De Los Muertos Fiesta... It was held in an industrial area in a big truck yard and there were plenty of hot rods, kustoms and classics along with several fabulous bands from all around Aus. I didn't actually take my camera along (was running late and completely spaced) but one of the gentlemen I met on the night snapped a few pics. Excuse the poor quality of these pics - they were taken on a mobile phone...
I think that night really did it for me... I have firmly decided (which believe me, firm and decision in the same sentence is a huge deal!) that I need to make more of an effort to do the things I love and attend the events I am interested in even if it means doing them alone. At this stage, I don't even care if I get some stupid nickname along the lines of "solo sally" lol, I just want to surround myself with the things I appreciate and other people who do also. I did make another kind of resolution on the night too... a friend of mine is keen to do swing lessons (of which I have wanted to do for some time but once again, didn't want to alone) so we are going to start next year. All going well, I find a job in late January (I am losing my current job in Decemeber as usual; but am off to Perth for a couple weeks after) that will allow me to do lessons once a week. As queasy as it makes me to be considering dancing in front of people (without copious amounts of alcohol involved) I think, once I get into it it will be fun - and much like when I was doing burlesque I do not plan on taking it too seriously, its just a bit of fitness/fun. Next on my list (as it always seems to be) is sewing... My machine has now been in the box under my stairs for near on two years which is mighty depressing.
 Anyhoo, any Perth bloggers who happen to go to Deville's Pad - I am finally going to get to check it out in January :) and best of all, I know I will like the band! Adelaide's 'hottest swing band' Lucky Seven will be swinging Deville's on Friday 13th of January, and since I am going to be over there anyways I am planning on going along. May even meet some of you there :)
