new year, new goals: inspired by nikki phillippi!
When the new year comes around most people make resolutions, usually focused around dramatic changes that they want in their lives. To eat healthier, to exercise everyday, to lose a certain amount of weight.
Last year I decided against making new year's resolutions because I found come February I had forgotten a good chunk of them.
This year I was ready to the same, until I was inspired after watching this You-Tube video by Nikki Phillippi.  In the video Nikki talks about separating your goals into categories  and then listing small tangible steps, in other words something small you can do each day to achieve that goal. 
Often goals are unrealistic and hence they are not achieved, the method described by Nikki enables you to have small very realistic steps, and because they are realistic expectations upon yourself, it makes it a heck of a lot easier to achieve your end point.
After finding inspiration from watching Nikki's video and thinking about my own goals and what I would like to achieve this year, I made my own set of goals following the method described.
Travel & Hobbies 
I love to travel and discover and experience new places. Last year I only managed one holiday abroad. I really would like to go on  a minimum of two trips abroad, this year. 
Last year when I was living on my own I use to read a lot, Since I've been home for the past 5 months I've managed only one book! I really would love to get back into reading as there are so many books I want to read but just haven't got around to!
1) Go on two trips abroad this year
Tangible steps: 
Spend five minutes a day researching/planning/organising/finalising a holiday 
2) Get back into reading
Tangible steps:
Make a reading list of books I want to read. 
Spend two minutes a day reading and work my way through the list. 
Relationships
Since leaving University and entering the working world a couple of years ago, I feel that I don't keep in contact, and get together as much with my friends as I use to! I guess everyone is busy with their working lives, but I really think it is important to make time to see your friends and this year I really want to make an extra effort to stay in touch and get together on a regular basis.
1) Reconnect with friends
Tangible steps:
Text one friend everyday
Talk to one friend every month on the phone for a good 20-30mins
Health & Fitness
I think every one of us could say that would like to eat more healthily and do more exercise. It can definitely be grouped into the classic New Year's resolution category. I'm not wanting to lose weight, just eat a more nutritious and balanced diet and exercise in order to feel better and fitter! 
1) Eat a healthier diet
Tangible Steps:
Eat a portion of fruit or vegetable with every meal of the day
Eat Breakfast every day 
Drink a glass of water with every meal to keep myself hydrated. 
2) Get back into exercising
Tangible steps: 
Take the stairs at work each morning 
Put on a YouTube workout video and spend 3 minutes a day working out
Financial 
I guess I'm not getting any younger, I'm soon to hit 26, and I need to start thinking about the future, getting my own place and settling down etc.
The best part of this goal is I've set up a direct debit so I don't even have to physically do anything further.
1) Build up my savings nest - to spend on a car/ deposit on a house
Tangible Steps:
Set up a Direct Debit for ֲ£250 from my wages to go into a regular savings account each month. 
Spiritual 
I'm afraid to say i'm definitely more of a glass half empty person than a glass half full person, and i would like to be more positive this year. 
1) Reconnect with god
Tangible steps: 
Spend two minutes a day praying 
2) Feel happier and be positive 
Tangible steps: 
Read one inspirational quote each morning
End the day thinking of three good things that happened during the day 
To all of you that made it to the end, thank you so much for taking time out of your day to read this post. 
If your thinking it's already half way through January, it's too late to set some goals now, then I would say you still have 338 days of the year left, it's not to late! So definitely take some time and think about your goals and see if this method will work for you.
Do tell me your resolutions/leave me links in the comments below, because I would love to read them!
Today's Inspirational Quote: "Nothing is impossible, the word itself say's I'm possible!" - Audrey Hepburn 
Sita xoxo 