GETTING A LABRADOODLE PUPPY
Getting a Labradoodle Puppy
We got a dog!
Which you’ll have seen if you’ve been on my instagram over the last few days because I cannot stop with the puppy spam.
He’s an 8 week old toy labradoodle. His mum is a labradoodle, and his dad is a toy labradoodle.
Getting a Labradoodle Puppy
GETTING A LABRADOODLE PUPPY
We actually nearly bought a puppy back in April but with all the uncertainty around Tom’s job, we decided against it. Over the past six months I’d been looking at animal shelters and rehoming sites for a suitable dog (we wanted to make sure the dog would be ok around strangers, children, next door’s cats etc) and might be able to run with me in future! Happily, there’s such a demand for pets right now that there were none available!
I had been scrolling through Pets4Homes, looking for labradoodles and goldendoodles (a mix between a golden retriever and poodle) and came across a photo of this guy…and fell in love immediately!
We’d been originally looking for a bigger dog, a ‘full size’ labradoodle but after seeing his face, we knew he was the pup for us.
Getting a Labradoodle Puppy
WE BOUGHT HIM FROM A REGISTERED BREEDER IN WARRINGTON.
She was lovely, and made sure we had regular photo and video updates. FaceTime calls and all the paperwork from the vets on his vaccinations, heritage etc.
A word of warning, apparently there has been a lot of ‘petfishing’ where the sellers aren’t real and the dogs don’t exist. I was messaging with one lady who wanted half of the cost of the dog upfront. And was then banned from the site and went totally silent. We paid £100 deposit for Chester, then paid the remainder when he was collected.
He’s settling in very well already. However, we’re not doing that well with the toilet training and have had quite a few accidents on the carpet! We take him out for ages, then he seems to pee on the floor 5 minutes after we come inside! Any tips are very welcome…
There’s definitely a cheeky personality in there. He loves playing with a tennis ball, football, rugby ball or his toys (or our feet!). He currently sleeps a LOT, more than I ever realised. Between naps, he’ll have ‘loon’ time where he goes a bit crazy, runs around, chases things and jumps all over the place. Having said he wasn’t going to be allowed on the sofa, he currently has prime position on our velvet chaise sofa while I type this. I’m such a pushover for those little eyes.
Getting a Labradoodle Puppy
CHESTER IS MY FIRST DOG SO I’M DEFINITELY SECOND GUESSING EVERYTHING.
Tom grew up with Labradors so he’s definitely taking the lead when it comes to disciplining. We’ve signed up for puppy training classes once he’s had his final injections – I could certainly do with some help!
Currently he’s only allowed in our garden but we can’t wait to take him for walks in the nearby woods and along the Thames Path once he’s able. And of course, running with me once he’s old enough.
I asked in a running facebook group whether anyone had any experience running with such a little dog. And the response was overwhelmingly that they can be great runners! My plan is to do Couch to 5K with him when I get the go ahead from the vet.
Our current routine is for Tom to put him to bed (Chester still cries a bit when we turn the lights off and go upstairs which makes me so sad) and I get up with him around 6am to let him out, have breakfast and a bit of playtime. It’s quickly becoming my fave part of the day. And I can’t wait until I can take him out for a quick walk before work.
For those of you that have dogs – any advice for training? Do you run with your dogs? 