Looking For Appetite Suppressants? Look Here Then...
Looking for Appetite Suppressants? Why not check out my published ezine article:
Apparently we are ALL a nation of FOOD ADDICTS! At the time of overeating and gorging ourselves the overwhelming desire, at that point, to eat, is far stronger than our extreme desire to be slim. We do all the right things, diet, lose weight and exercise, follow a strict regime and then KAPOW... the unbelievable craving sets in and then our desire is only satisfied by a lonely trip to the local deli or 7/11 at 3am!
Now, these cravings may be overcome by the help of appetite suppressants, weight loss supplements or diet pills, but only if you do your research and find the right ones. So, let us look at a few popular ones:
Hoodia Gordonii - from the Kalahari Desert in Africa, Hoodia has been found to be a safe and completely natural plant food that suppresses hunger while providing an excellent source of energy. Although it looks like a small cactus, Hoodia is actually a milkweed and is classified as a succulent. Researchers have ascertained that this unique diet aid from the desert, with its rich history of use and safety, is a powerful energy source that will quickly take your craving for food away while leaving you feeling more mentally alert and energized, without jittery side effects.
Acai Berry - one of nature's top superfoods, Acai (ah-sigh-ee) is a small purple berry from the Brazilian Amazon that has been found to be one of the most nutritious and powerful foods on the planet - jam packed with antioxidants, healthy omega fats, amino acids and dietary fiber. This is not necessarily an appetite suppressant, but a vitamin packed superfood, that increases energy levels and assists the digestive system, with lots more besides, making this a great aid for diets and weight loss .
Natural Virgin Coconut Oil - has been hailed as a natural appetite suppressant & weight loss aid that does not strain the liver, first used in ancient civilisations in Asia. Unlike many diet pills, capsules or powders, which contain unwanted fillers or additives like ephedrine or caffeine, or calorie burning blends, this product may simply make you feel fuller and stop the cravings or hunger pangs.
Green Tea Extract - there have been a number of green tea weight loss studies done on the ability of green tea extract to lower blood sugar. This relates to our metabolism, energy levels and insulin production, and therefore may reduce cravings and help maintain energy levels.
Alpha lipoic acid (ALA) - may also reduce appetite but it is primarily used as an antioxidant, a substance that neutralizes potentially harmful chemicals called free radicals. Alpha lipoic acid converts glucose (blood sugar) into energy.
Water - of all things this is obviously the most natural (and cheapest no doubt!), drinking 6 - 8 glasses a day will help fill you up, and supposedly drinking a glass before a meal will make you feel full and therefore not eat as much.
Undoubtedly there are many more, and what may suit one person may not suit another, but the choices are there and maybe the right one might just curb your addiction to food enough to stop that late night shopping trip! The products listed above are mainly appetite suppressants, there are many more supplements and diet pills that can help with weight loss, fat reduction, muscle enhancements, etc..
Go and check it out for yourself, see what fits in with YOU and your DIET STYLE.
Please visit www.diets4weightloss.com, this is a great place to see many available dietary aids for you to investigate for yourself.