How to Survive University (Part 1)
How to Survive University part 1!
Before starting University I was very lost and overwhelmed with the amount of processes I had to go through and how different it was from school. I really wish that there was a Book out there specific enough to meet my needs – but unfortunately that was not so!
Therefore, I thought I would write down some guidelines and share some experiences for people starting their first year! (congratulations by the way!) Hopefully this is super relevant to people starting Uni in Australia.
Note: By the way I am in my second year of studying a Bachelor of Human Services : )
Choosing a course
1.     Don’t stress! I repeat DO NOT STRESS. A lot of graduating high school students (myself included) spend so much time worrying about choosing the right course and getting the right grades to be accepted. But there are really so many paths that a person can take to get into the course they want to!
Take me for example…out of my 6 options for what course I wanted to study, I got an offer for my 4th highest preference. At first I was shocked, because I didn’t even know what the course was about. However now that I am doing it I absolutely love it! I wouldn’t change the course I am studying for any other pathway. So please do not stress unnecessarily , because there are many opportunities and many different pathways.
2.     Study a course that you enjoy and that you are passionate about. There is no point spending 3 or more years studying something that you have no interest in. Do research and find things that interest you and that you see yourself doing.
For example, a lot of people that I know tend to partake in a psychology course because they think that it is interesting. It is true! it can be interesting! But there is more to just psychology than just ‘being able to read someone’s mind’. There is a lot of statistics, theories and critical reflections that are part of it as well. (Let’s just say that I have met more ‘drop-outs’ then graduates at this point)  
Therefore, I highly recommend doing lots of research to make the best informed decision possible and talk to a career advisor if you can. 
Registering for classes
1.     After you have chosen your course and enrolled for your unit’s I would strongly recommend taking note in your calendar of when class registrations open. The last thing you want is an inconvenient and exhausting timetable. I would strongly suggest to prepare what classes work and are ideal for you and write them down! As soon as class registrations are open, work as fast as you can to get your best timetable (spots fill up so quick!).  
Orientation week
1.     Definitely go to orientation week! A lot of people think that it is not necessary, however I can assure you that you will learn more about your university, campus and get lots of free stuff! Go with a friend if you can, it is always fun to explore with people (even if they are not going to the same university as you).
2.     Register for the correct ‘o’week’ classes and double check! I accidentally enrolled and attended a Post-graduate guide to survival and thriving at Uni(which was very boring lol). Luckily, the service people there helped me book the last session for my course.
3.     Be prepared to be friendly and have your ‘social bubble’ expand. I met so many people last year and made so many friends that I never thought I would have. I am naturally more of an introvert and it can seem scary to introduce yourself to random people. But the more you do it, the less nervous you will get each time : )
Starting Your Uni year!
1.     Make sure you have the resources that you need to begin your course. I was shocked at the amount of costs associated with getting starting my first year. I had to buy;
-        a laptop (and all the fun expensive things that you need with it, e.g. case, adapters etc. )
-       many textbooks(which are super expensive!)
-       notebooks
-       pens and pencils
-       bus card
-       laptop safe bag
-       and much more!
With purchasing textbooks try get them second hand from places like Facebook market place or textbook exchange group chats. 
2.     Be willing to learn and grow. I know it sounds cheesy, but it is important. Starting University for me was like entering into a whole new world of knowledge! I learnt so many things that I was not even aware of. I also did a lot of things that made me go out of my comfort zone! Like group presentations, Video presentations, poster making, ‘ice-breakers’, joining different university groups, and a lot of talking to people for the first time!
I hope this advice is useful! I will be writing a part 2 on How to survive at University which will focus on tips for studying, time-management and other important things!
Till then take care and best of luck : ))