The Reason You Can’t Lose Weight
If you’re trying to lose weight, you might sometimes feel like it’s an impossible task. You can workout, watch your calories, and still feel like you can’t lose weight.

As a personal trainer it’s a question I get asked a lot:“Why can’t I lose weight?” My answer is simple. If you can’t lose weight no matter how hard you try, then there will be a reason for that.

The One Reason You Can’t Lose Weight
First, you need to rule out medical conditions. Certain disorders and diseases can make losing weight even more difficult.

PCOS is linked to hormonal abnormalities which can cause fat build up in the abdomen and insulin resistance
Hypothyroidism can affect your metabolism, making it slower and causing weight gain
Hyperthyroidism also affects your metabolism and is also known to make you feel hungrier
If you are sure that you aren’t affected by a preexisting medical condition, then there is really only one reason that you can’t lose weight.

You Can’t Lose Weight Because…
HUNGER

Yes, that’s right. You might feel like you can’t or aren’t losing weight because of hunger. Research indicates that Hunger is the source of most failed weight loss attempts.

How many times have you eaten healthy all day long only to give in to post-dinner cravings? Or you’ve stuck to your guns during meal time but fallen off the wagon when it came to snacking? It’s easy to give in to hunger pangs when you feel like you’ve been good all day. You feel so guilty after a little slip-up that you beat yourself up about being a failure and not having enough willpower. You swear to do better the next day, but the cycle eventually repeats itself.

When you’re on a diet and in a constant state of hunger, you can only go for so long until you crack and fall completely off the wagon. Hunger is one of the most powerful driving forces. Trying to ignore it isn’t a solution, you have to know how to fight it.



Why Do I Feel Hungry?
Our feelings of hunger and fullness are controlled by a few different hormones. Two of those hormones are leptin “the hunger inhibiting hormone” and ghrelin the “hunger hormone”.

Ghrelin is a hormone produced by your body that sends the signal that you are hungry. High levels of ghrelin make you feel hungry, and when you’re full, your ghrelin drops.
Leptin is pretty much the opposite of Ghrelin. High levels of leptin mean fewer feelings of hunger whereas low leptin levels will leave you feeling hungry and craving anything and everything.
Decreasing your calories when “dieting” causes your levels of ghrelin to increase (making you hungry) and your levels of leptin decrease (also making you hungry).

How To Reduce Hunger
So if hunger is biological, how do we control it?

1. Eat more protein
Protein has a satiating quality that leaves you more satisfied and keeps you feeling full for longer than other foods do. To avoid feeling hungry, try incorporating more protein into your meals and snacks!

veggies
2. Fill Up On Veggies
Veggies are full of vitamins, minerals, and fiber. And they’re pretty low calorie, making them the perfect snack.

Just don’t add any toppings like butter or ranch. Dressing up your veggies like this will add fat (or sugar!) and calories, which is something you definitely don’t want. Zero calorie seasonings are okay.

kaytlin drinking water

3. Drink plenty of water
Drinking water is super important for adequate hydration, but it can serve a double purpose by helping to fight hunger.

When you drink a lot of water, your stomach stays more full. This can help fight off the empty hungry feeling that makes you want to grab a snack!

Weight loss shake in cup surrounded by fruit

4. Use An Appetite Suppressant
When you eat, your small intestines release a “signal” molecule called cholecystokinin (CCK). CCK signals to your stomach and brain letting you know you are full.

Slendesta is a type of appetite suppressant. It is made of a potato protein called P12. This protein actually works to create an increase of CCK, telling your brain and stomach that you are full. This full feeling can last up to 3 hours.

You Can Lose Weight
Weight loss comes down to controlling your hunger and enjoying what you are eating. You don’t have to feel like you can’t lose weight, because you can!

IdealShape can help you to lose weight by helping to control your hunger. IdealShakes can help you change your appetite by combating hunger and helping you feel full and satisfied. They have enough fiber, protein, and the proven hunger-blocker Slendesta® to keep you feeling full for up to 3 hours. They are also calorie controlled, meaning you can cut calories and feel full all at the same time.

Here is what our customers have to say:

“I started this these shakes a little less than a month ago and love them! They taste better than other meal replacement shakes I’ve tried, and keep you full for at least 3 hours. Not only have I lost 10 lbs since starting them, but I actually want this in the morning.” — Rachel

“[The] shakes are amazing. Taste just like a milkshake, with none of the chalky aftertaste like most. They also keep me full for about 4 hours.” — Salia

“Love these products!!!!! The shakes are my favorite they sure do curb hunger!!!! And they are also delicious!!!” — Ashley C.