Dear John,

This is meant for when you doubt me the most. At 3am when you're awake with Oreo cookies that you'll regret in an hour. This is meant for that moment when you step aside to make that important phone call. When you are getting into your car, turn on the radio, and realize that you are completely alone. This is for when your head rewinds and nostalgia gently pulls your hands from the steering wheel and presses them into her heart. This is for when you catch yourself accidentally staring at the sky and, instead of seeing the big dipper, seeing flushed cheeks, blonde hair, and blue eyes gazing up, and then back at you, in wonder.

Maybe this is meant for tomorrow. Maybe this is meant for five years from now. Right now, in my world, it is 2am and you are closing your beautiful eyes and thinking of our conversation tonight. You are letting it lull you to sleep and you are dreaming of things that aren't me. Tires, your coworker, marshmallows, and shoelaces.

("I would like to lie next to him in the dark and watch him breathe and watch him sleep and wonder what he's dreaming about and not get an inferiority complex if the dreams aren't about me.” )

It's funny.. Two years ago, I imagine I'd be beginning a letter something like this,
It is morning.


"Dear John,
I see it all now, it was wrong…"

But lately you have been writing, like you used to without me. And I wonder if you do this to bring yourself closer to me. Your head lies beside mine.

Tonight you asked me what you should write about. I told you to write about what you know. Or more importantly, what you don't know.

Well I don't know what's going to happen…

We're labeling the utensil drawer in the kitchen: "Girlfriend." "Best Friends." "Lover…"

And all my friends are probably right about you. "He's arrogant." "You'll probably fight every day like you are now." "He's selfish." "He probably won't spend enough time with you."

All the cards are wrong, scrambled like a game of 52 pickup.

You are overly confident. I am shy.
You are street smart. I am book smart.
You've never taken any shit from anybody. I am a pushover.
Your parents would probably hate me.
I like to go pumpkin picking.
You're well versed in the "lie." I spit out the truth in the form of alphabet soup.
You are dangerous. I am safe.
You are obsessed with money. I could live happily impoverished.
You're controlling. Well, so am I…

There is nothing that deems us perfect for each other. I am sorry..


But..

We're on an unpaved road in the middle of nowhere,
Under the gutters of a beautiful house.
I hold your calloused hands in mine and kiss the river-valleys on your palm.
That scar you don't think I notice on your cheek.
That clenched jaw.
It's pitch black outside, but I am seeing white flashes of light.
I feel your hands melting into my curves.
Your breath warm on my neck, like the fire coals on cold Christmas morning.
I feel your mouth slide slowly down my chest--
And our scars match.
I can find Orion's belt this time of year.
I wish you wouldn't leave tonight.
And then you pull away, and look at me.
A look that you described the other night:
"… I can't believe that I was lucky enough to kiss someone like you again,
and you're the most beautiful thing I've ever seen…"
I ask you "what's wrong" like a skipping record.
And like a favorite movie I've seen too many times, you laugh
And whisper "nothing."
You lean closer, and place that perfect mouth back on mine,
As I hold my breath and dive back under.

It's a year and a half ago.
I've followed you around this building a million times by now.
I'm dirty and I made sure to bring the best clothes
Because I knew I'd see you tonight.
Nonchalantly, I've changed in the bathroom while you waited outside.
Now we are here:
Me, laying on the table, you, sitting at a nearby bench.
I am looking up at the ceiling and laughing
When you jump up in excitement.
I rise and go to follow you in the other room
When you reappear with a baseball glove and ball.
I watch your body ease back,
Flowing like a river-body into the ocean,
Your strong arms fluidly pulling back into the windup,
Concentrated.
Then you strike, release,
Like a black mamba launching at his pray.
I watch the baseball bounce on the large wall with a "crack"
And smile: It's my favorite sound.
But you are already ahead of me,
Scooping the ball with such ease.
And I am sure this is what Grace looks like.
You glance back at me with the most beautiful expression I have ever seen,
A mixture of confidence and excitement.
"Did you see that?"
And I am sure this is what Love looks like…

It's almost two years ago.
We are in a coffee shop,
I remember looking for your car, unsure if you'd show.
The boy I knew would never entertain a girl for coffee..
It's sunny out, and I like the way the sun warms my face.
I see you peek out of the back of a gray car that I don't recognize.
Time feels like this, huh?
And then I see the clenched jaw,
The strong shoulders,
The confident walk.
I freeze, if only for a second.
I forgot. I forgot. I forgot.
My heart forgot what it felt like to drop in my stomach.
You buy my coffee, and I am surprised.
The boy that I knew would never entertain a girl for coffee,
And then buy it for her.
It's awkward, I'm pulling at my sleeves.
I want to leave.
Maybe I will make something up,
Work. School. Fear.
But then your gaze catches mine;
"The look."
A hundred times before, I have seen it.
It stays just for a fleeting moment, a millisecond,
Like a shooting star.
I stop and stare.
But this must mean..
And then I catch myself before any "L" words slip out,
I focus.
We laugh over our childhood, and then you look over your shoulder.
"Well, I have to go return this watch that I bought for my girlfriend."
And I am curious.
I fight myself from asking questions that immediately come to mind:
"Do you love her,"
and instead opt for comfortable ones, slipping them on like a glove.
"What's she like? Do I know her?"
We say goodbye.
You embrace me.
It lingers.
God damn, does it linger...


It's four and a half years ago.
I am in my bed, buried underneath the covers,
I cradle a hot, sweaty phone between my ear and my pillow.
This is the holy grail, after all.
You have fallen asleep 30 minutes ago.
We will wake up in three hours, at the same time,
And I will get dressed, and leave to see you.
Five minutes in the hallway, and we will crack the jokes that we've rehearsed tonight.
Everyone will laugh,
But I won't.
You will look at me with that gleam in your eye,
And my heart will turn over onto itself,
I will only smile and stare at the floor,
Face flushing red.
I am a novice, a rookie.
Boys like you do not look at girls like me like that.
You told me another story about your family tonight,
And I listened, like a good friend should.
But little do I know, I am collecting moments.
The universe has stopped, but for an hour or two.
You and I are an imitation model of the planets,
attached in the center by rods,
Slowly spinning around each other,
Unaware of the others in our orbit.
You laughed, and I stifled mine
Just to hear the sound of joy rise from your throat.
How I wanted to kiss the instruments that create such a song.
I am suddenly stirred by a sound at the other end of the phone.
Your muffled breathing--
One day there won't be a phone between us.
But then…
"Mmm. Courtney…"
A deep, exhausted breath.
I smile, and imagine myself dancing through your dreams.
I know you can't hear me,
But I hope somehow these words can penetrate the dimensions,
Can make you feel safe, wherever you are right now,
Can slide through the membrane,
Can envelope the heart.
"I love you…"

Well, I don't know what's going to happen...

I imagine you driving in your car on the way to her house,
Singing that song that's meant for me.
I see your mind switch from where you've been to where you're going.
I imagine you greeting her with a kiss
From that beautiful mouth that was meant for me.
I imagine you telling her stifled stories that you've already told me.
I imagine you taking her out,
Wining and dining her.
Holding her hand,
And when she's not looking,
Shoving your hand down into your pocket,
To check if I've been thinking of you.
I imagine you trying "the look" at her,
But being unable to penetrate.
I am the aura curled around the both of you,
In small, candle-lit bistros.
"…Because I know no other way than this,
Where I does not exist, nor you,
So close that your hand on my chest is my hand,
So close that your eyes close as I fall asleep."

And so how long do we sit here,
See-sawing between each others insecurities?
How many nights do we fall asleep in different on opposite sides of the universe?
How many nights do we look into the eyes of the one we love:
"Non è abbastanza."
You, hammer in hand, crashed through my walls,
Only for me to stand face to face with yours...

How many times do we "move on,"
Just to stand in wet evening grass hands intertwined?
Days later, weeks later, years later.
For how long do we wade in between "Lovers" and "Best friends,
Not quite feeling comfortable in this water.

I've got one foot in and one foot out.
The beautiful voice of another is calling my name.
Again…
I'm scrutinizing your pleading glare,
Warring with yourself between "stay" or "go."
If you left now,
I don't even know what I would want…

I need you to believe...

But I do know that this is infinite:

In my dreams it is always dark,
Your arms envelope me,
And I am kissing your scars in the sand.
"‘Cause there is nothing more beautiful than the way the ocean refuses to stop kissing the shoreline no matter how many times it’s sent away."

You are like the sun beams bouncing off of Autumn leaves.
Intangible,
But your spotlight permeates the forest floor, 
Each leaf is defined as it floats downward.
And if I stand just right,
I can feel your sun beam kisses.
You are surrounding me.
I can bite the crisp fruit of "Season" that you've warmed for me,
Like the "dolcini" of sunshine.

If you reached into the dark, and dusty corners of the Hippocampus--
noun: a curved elongated ridge that extends over the floor of the descending horn of each lateral ventricle of the brain, that consists of gray matter covered on the ventricular surface with white matter, and that is involved in forming, storing, and processing memory.

And swept out every piece of me,
Rearranged me on the floor like a puzzle,
I bet we could be split into moments.
Here's mine:

The moment I heard you cry for the first time.
We bloomed out of your moment of weakness, not strength.

Later that night,
The moment that you first told me you loved me.

The moment you first wrote my name in a song,
Isthiswhatyouthinkofinyour3amveins.
How I wish I could live inside that mind.
Beautiful disaster.