COULD I BE AT MY HAPPY WEIGHT?
You guys.  It’s been an incredible Sunday.  I’ve done absolutely nothing of interest.  Nothing instagrammable.  Well, I did eat some watermelon gazpacho, and I made that a boomerang on my Instastories.   So, I guess it has been an instagrammable day.

Something ordinarily extraordinary did happen today though.  I went to Target.  If you haven’t heard, Target has placed Starbucks on Cartwheel this week.  Naturally, I wandered that way and picked up some 20% off espresso to start off my mid-morning.

Here’s what happened as I walked into Target.  I saw my reflection in the automatic doors and I thought: “Wow.  Look at me!”  So happy with my reflection, I thought:  Could this be my happy weight?”

Two things:  1 – I gave my body a compliment.  2 – I am considering my weight in measurements of HAPPY.  You guys, this is big…

If you were to encounter me in the flesh (let’s say, at Target), you would see me as an extremely normal sized girl, especially by today standards.  And, you guys… I am SO EXCITED TO BE NORMAL.  My goal has never been to be skinny.  My goal has never been to have abs.  Technically, I do have abs.  My goal has been to feel confident.  My goal has been to walk tall.  Today, with my three-day unwashed hair in a big bun, I felt all of those things.  I’ll add:  I felt healthy.  I didn’t feel like I wanted to park as close to the door as possible because it was exhausting to walk into the store.  And, maybe my 42 is showing, but I didn’t even care that it’s likely everyone behind me got a glimpse of my cellulite (after all, #thickthighssavelives)

35.3 lbs down in this process, I am looking ahead to the future.  I’ve got my eyes on the long term prize.  And, as mentioned, I feel happy about my body.

I am just about 8 lbs away from my goal weight on the Jenny Craig program, and I’m fully expecting to get there in the weeks ahead.  Amongst us friends, I’ll still fall into the overweight category on many (if not all) of the medical charts, but honestly, I don’t care.  I feel great.  

Ok, back to the story…

So here I am walking into Target, on a Sunday (and I guess it’s the equivalent of church to me), and I realized that if I never lose another, single pound, I’m going to be ok. And, yes, I had a “religious experience” passing through the dollar spot en route to Starbucks – – and that’s just the kind of basic girl I am.

So, what does all this mean?  I definitely want to finish this commitment I’ve made to myself to lose 42 lbs for my 42 year old self.  In the same sense, I’m no longer worrying about my weight.  I also have a 6th sense that I’m done gaining and losing (and losing and gaining).  I’m ready to focus on some other aspects of my life.  I’ve got some personal growth items in sight (which I’ll tell you more about soon.) I’ve got some fitness goals that I’d like to achieve (yes, I said FITNESS!) And, amongst us friends, I read something last night that really moved me about adopting a daily practice that I want to get started on.

Ultimately, I am incredibly thankful to this process, and my goodness… to Jenny Craig.  Every step and misstep I’ve taken has led me to where I’m at.  Every connection I’ve made along the way has taught me something incredible.  Now, I’m excited to achieve my weight loss goal, and move onto the next big thing.

What’s exciting?  I have found a new motivation in all of this.  I’M HAPPY.  I’m proud of myself.  I know that I can shed this last 8 lbs, and I know there are big things on the other side of this adventure.

Here’s to shedding that last 8 lbs and to achieving everything in this beautiful life.

xo

